I want to wish everyone a good year.
They say that the sandwiches made by the waiter at Café Poirot are very good.
are very good.
They have a very good reputation.
I have decided that, this year,
I'm going to make my beef stew with potatoes known,
so that everyone will know about it!
And I will make a lot of money because it is yum-yum.
Yum-yum-yum, this way.
Yum-yum-yum, this way... yum-yum.
Come on, back to the beginning.
Thank you very much for joining us for another year.
"A new day begins with a splendid sun."
"It's time for love and mysteries."
"Hello everyone and good year."
"I won't let you miss a single one this year either, Kaito Kid."
"The truth always comes out in the end."
"He looks like a kid, but he has the brains of an adult and he's Detective Conan!"
WAKE UP !!!
Me wo samashite.
Kizukareru mae ni tobidashite Ikou.
Itsumo urusai hito
nemutchaeba moves jamamono wa INAI.
Mondas darake no machi de Knock Out!
Uchikowasu tameiki to souon.
Yuku hito no kage yatsu wo Rock On!
Susumu ude no Tokei wa.
Kauntodaun...
Kowase Bad Day!
Everything OK!
Hashiridase kimi no tiene wo totte!
Zutter Futari de Kono machi ni moves goodbye...
Asu and Go Now.
Everything OK!
Mayou made yukeru Tokoro e.
Sakebu kokoro from "Y just wanna get the truth !!"
Donna kotoba mo mueve iranai.
Koko ni kotae wa nai, tsukisusumu On My Way.
Kowase Bad Day!
Everything OK !!!
Mayou made yukeru Tokoro e.
Sakebu kokoro de... And I just wanna get the truth !!"
(Go, go, go, go, go!) Get the truth.
(Go, go, go, go, go!) Get the truth.

"In Kaito Kid and the secret box, (part one)."
(Man) Ah!
So this is the secret box
made by the artifact creator Kichiemon Samizu
in the middle of the 19th century.
Thank you very much for donating this box and all these valuable books.
and all these valuable books.
Well, the truth is that I wasn't planning to give you the box.
In fact, I would like you to open it.
My husband died last month
and he had left something important to me.
Ah.
I know for a fact that my husband
left the instruction sheet for opening the box
between the pages of a book.
The problem is that I don't know which one it is.
That's why I wanted to ask if he could look it up for you,
because it must be in one of the books I give him.
Now I understand.
And may I know... what is inside the box?
There is the biggest moonstone in the world, the Memory Moon.
Yes.
It's exactly the kind of object
that the Silver Moon Wizard would like to get.
It's a very special gem.
(Shinichi voice) "Message by Kaito Kid.
Today the world's largest moonstone will be on display,
the Memory Moon, at the Great Suzuki Library."
The gem is inside a secret box
created by Kichiemon Samizu.
If you want to see it, you must first open the box.
Or find the instruction sheet inside the library.
Signed: Jirokichi Suzuki, CEO of the Suzuki Group."
It seems unbelievable.
This man is already coming back with a strange story of his own.
Hey, if you want to go, you'd better hurry.
I guess you've been invited too, haven't you?
Yes, I'm coming.
Since you're the Kid's nightmare.
I just got a message from Ran.
Wait, what do you mean "also" invited me?
He's saying that because Mr. Suzuki invited me too.
As I am a professional inventor,
he asked me to please
to try to open the box before he arrives in Kaito Kid.
I'm sorry, but I doubt very much that I will be able to open it,
a secret box made by Kichiemon Samizu.
What?
Man, oh...
Oh!
A box made by Kichiemon Samizu.
-That should be interesting.
(Agasa) Ho-hello, Subaru.
(Agasa) Ho-hello, Subaru.
Since you told me last day
that the vegetables were a little undercooked,
today I bring you this fabulous beef stew with potatoes that I made.
What then?
Would you like to come too?
No, no... I just came to bring this.
I'll leave it and go.
I'm not very interested in thieves, to tell you the truth.
Although there's a kind of thieves that do interest me:
those who steal lives.
They interest me more than those who steal objects.
Mi-te him.
And in a turtleneck sweater, as usual.
This one's hiding something.
Maybe he's a little chilly.
"I'm sure he has to wear turtleneck sweaters
to cover up his voice transformer."
Aaaaah....

Come on, doctor, we have to leave.
What took you so long?
I'm sorry, excuse me.
I couldn't find my driver's license.
Finally, Ran.
You're very late.
Come on, the kids have been here for a while now.
I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
It's just that the father has caught a very bad cold
and we had to stop by the hospital for a while.
What bad luck.
Is he all right now?
Not very much.
I've already told him it wasn't necessary for him to come.
It's just a nose cold and that's all.
It's nothing.
How can he not come?
He told me that he was giving me front-row tickets
for a Yoko Okino concert.
I should come.
Oh.
Father, will you be able to help much, being like this?
You're not feeling well.
I don't know why,
but lately something or other is always happening to your father.
"Yes... I've made it easier for him to get into the Kaito Kid."
You're giving him front row tickets, how about it?
Of course I'll come!
"I've invited more people
because you'll have more options to dress up as whoever you want.
-Ah!
-Eh?
Hello, Mr. Mouri, thank you very much for coming.
Come, come, we can go inside now.
I'll show you the secret box
and you and the others can examine it calmly.
And you can rest assured for them.
Don't suffer because we have already spoken with inspector Nakamori
and we have agreed that this time he won't search anyone's face.
and that the police will wait outside until we warn them.
"What a surprise! Inspector Nakamori won't go in with the others?"
"So I can't disguise myself as him."
"So..."
A small chickpea hides under the bed.
Chocolate-colored.
One, two, three, four...
Ti.
(Kogoro) Come on, then.
There's the famous secret box.
It should be opened by stretching or pushing a certain piece.
(Kogoro) "Mmm... It looks like an ordinary box to me."
Don't worry.
You'll see how I'll open it in no time.
No, don't.
Oh.
Aaaaaaah!
Very typical of Kichiemon Samizu.
"It's like a small iron tanuki."
But what is this?
If not handled properly, it shoots dangerous spikes.
Look what happened to me when I touched it before.
I think the quickest option would be to take a hacksaw and cut it in half, not to cut it in half.
and cut it in half, it wouldn't cost anything, it's made of wood.
-No, no way.
-Huh?
It was made by the famous inventor and artifact creator Kichiemon Samizu
and it is very valuable.
Even if it is made of a humble material like wood,
the box alone is as valuable as the stone inside.
I didn't know, that moonstones were such valuable gems.
I have seen them being sold on the internet all the time for about 10,000 yen.
They can't compare to the one inside the box.
It is a unique gemstone.
My husband went to look specifically in Sri Lanka,
which is where the best specimens come from.
It has a bluish luster
which is a true example of a phenomenon that is very special
and it's called...
(Subaru) -Adularescència.
-Oh.
The moonstones that produce this optical phenomenon
are very valuable.
And, without a doubt, such a large specimen could become as valuable...
as Kichiemon Samizu's extraordinary secret box.
Gee, I thought you weren't much interested in it.
You see, curiosity got the better of me.
I'm surprised they let you in just like that.
(Jirokichi) Since I told them that I knew Dr. Agasa,
they let me in without searching me or anything.
We thought it was the best way to do it.
We decided that we would not let in the fans of the Kaito Kid,
but we did let the general public in.
Also, we will leave the box on this table....
with no guard nearby to protect it.
But if he comes in Kaito Kid, he could easily take it and leave.
He won't be able to, because I will now activate the security system.
By pressing this button I've just activated the scale
that is built into the floor.
Yes, when a person steps off the scale, he weighs even one gram more,
weighs even one gram more than when he stepped on...
now you'll see what happens.
Well, that's what happens.
"Very Kichiemon Samizu-like, too."
Naturally, if he manages to open the box discreetly...
and only tries to take the jewel inside..,
exactly the same thing will happen.

The box cannot be opened discreetly.
When it is opened, the built-in music box is activated and a very nice melody plays.
and a beautiful melody plays.
"I once heard a music box playing in the middle of the night."
"I went to the studio
"And I saw my husband who had opened the box
and admired what was inside."
"Then he wound it up and closed it again."
Now I don't know.
And what melody does it play, when you open it?
The last time my husband opened it was more than 10 years ago.
I'm sorry, I don't remember now.
But I think it was a famous tune.
One of those that everybody knows.
It could be a nursery rhyme.
And, even if he managed to escape from the cage of bars,
which is practically impossible,
and tried to take the box and the jewel,
at all the exits of the library
there are steel security shutters that would slam shut,
because they are programmed to lower as the cage lowers.
It would be impossible to escape from this library.
"I see it now."
"This lady wants the box opened at all costs."
"Even if it takes Kaito Kid's help to do it."
So, where are the instructions to open the box?
Don't you have them?
That same night, after my husband closed the box,
"I saw that he was looking at a sheet of paper
on which there was a drawing of the box with numbers and arrows."
"And he put it inside a book."
"On another day my husband found me in the study looking for the book
with the sheet of paper with the instructions."
What are you doing here?
I know what you're doing here.
You must have seen me open the secret box, right?
No need to look, you'll never find it.
What?
Neither the sheet of paper nor the contents of the box.
Maybe it wasn't in these words,
but he said something like that.
That's why I assumed that on the sheet of paper there were instructions on how to open it.
Excuse me, but why do you think your husband wanted to hide the jewel from you?
I don't know.
My husband was always a very shy man.
-Yes, I mean... I don't know...
-What?
But I think, as they say moonstones carry love,
maybe my husband didn't want me to know
that he kept such a stone with such zeal.
It's true, I knew him well enough, your husband,
because we were partners in adventure.
And I agree with what you say, he was a very shy man.
We flew around the world together
with a two-seater human-powered plane.
And when journalists came to take pictures of us,
he always hid behind me.
He didn't like being the center of attention.
And the Kaito Kid, has he said anything to you?
Do you know if he will come or not?
Yes, he will come.
Not long ago we received a message that said:
"I, in Kaito Kid, the Wizard of the Silver Moon,
will live up to my name and come to fetch the moonstone."
Therefore, I believe that if we want to open the box before it arrives in Kid,
instead of manipulating it blindly
without knowing what to do to open it,
surely it would be better for us to look for the book with the instruction sheet.
It will be faster.
Mr. Tomoyose and his wife have donated all their books to the library.
of all their books in the library.
We have placed them in this room.
(Kogoro) Then hands to.
If we divide the books among all of us...
Eh?
But... (Kogoro) It's not possible.
Is this all of them?
(Jirokichi) In total, there are about 10,000, at least.
But we're interested in finding the leaf, aren't we?
"There are masses..."
10,000 books?
That's a lot.
This looks like Shinichi's home study.
"It's true."
It's impossible.
I don't know how we'll do it, to go through all these books.
In principle we know for sure that the instruction sheet for opening the box
is in one of these books.
But if we have to open them all one by one, we'll never finish.
Oops.
Let's get started.
There's no other way to do it.
We have to go through them one by one.
In fact, they could have started doing it before we got here.
And we have.
All my employees have spent the day
looking for the paper inside the books,
but there was no way to find it.
Although, as there are 10,000 books,
they didn't turn every page of every book one by one.
But they did flip through them all
and turned the pages quickly as you are doing now.

Normally, when there is a page between the pages of a book,
when you pick it up, it opens directly to the page in question.
Couldn't it be that your husband
hidden the instruction sheet somewhere else?
No.
My husband died unexpectedly last month in a car accident.
because of a traffic accident.
I couldn't foresee that he would have the accident
and hide the paper somewhere else.
And, from what you told us just now,
you haven't opened the box since that night over 10 years ago, have you?
Not that I know of.
At least that I saw it.
But now I think that maybe he was opening it on the sly
taking advantage of the moments when I wasn't there.
I'm sure that when I went out for whatever, he would open it.
And then when he came home, he would always tell me the same thing.
From what I've seen, it looks like you haven't been able to open the box yet, have you?
What?
I've seen that the instruction sheet is still hidden in the same place
the same place where I left it.
If one day you manage to find this sheet of paper,
you'll finally be able to open the box and find out what it's really hiding.
In fact, maybe it's a little too complicated, for you.
You know what?
As I recognize that it is very difficult, if you insist a lot,
I'll show you where I've hidden the leaf.
Although I'm a little embarrassed.
This, it said to me.
"What the box actually hides..."
Could this mean that, apart from the moonstone,
there's something else inside the box?
Ah, I don't know.
Since I've never opened it, I have no idea what might be in there.
I don't understand.
If he told you he would tell you where it was,
how come you didn't ask him which book he had hidden it in?
I just felt very frustrated.
Because he said it in a way
that it seemed like I could never find it.
And you continued looking for the paper after that?
Yes, I took advantage of the times when my husband was away.
But, unfortunately, I never found it.
Perhaps he hid it in some book that he knew
that, for one reason or another, you would never think of reading.
That's true, he may be right.
I don't usually read mystery novels.
And I don't like scary novels very much either.
I don't like novels with monsters or murder.
Mystery and scary novels are on these shelves here.
Okay, then.
Well, we'll start here.
Before we start looking at your books,
why don't you go to the bathroom
and take the cough medicine the doctor prescribed?
Maybe you do.
If you need water to take any pills,
I noticed there's a water bottle machine in the lobby.
-I'll come too, if you go to the bathroom.
-Okay.
I'm coming too.
- (click on the box: it pops out) - (man: call)
"Boy, does the box succeed!"
Ah, Conan.
You're here, I couldn't find you.
(Shinichi voice) It's just that it took me a long time to get out of the washroom.
I don't feel very well.
My belly is not in order.
Let's see if Kogoro has entrusted me with something.
By the way, where did he go?
It seemed to me that he felt to leave the toilet a little before me.
It is here.
Didn't you see him?
He decided to try his luck with the box again.
I'd better let him run.
Ah!
Eh?
I didn't know it was moving, this cage.
Of course it moves.
The sensors allow us to accurately capture
any moving object, otherwise it could cause serious injury.
What was that?
What was that noise?
Mr. Mouri, who felt like playing a little.
Ah, nothing...
I just wanted to check that the security system was working properly.
What happened?
It got wet.
It's very wet, the box.
What a mess, I hope no water got in.
No, I'm just saying that because it's made of wood, it would get damaged.
(Conan voice) It's true.
(Conan voice) Hey, how come they're not here, Ran and Sonoko?
They've both gone into the washroom, too.
They left right after you.
They're really late, aren't they?
There were a lot of people in the girls' washroom to get in.
How's it going there?
Haven't you found the paper yet?
I haven't found it yet.
It's just... I've found a few mystery novels...

that looked very interesting and I couldn't stay.
Aaaaah...
Mm?
It's you.
I heard the smell of soy and sweet wine.
You made a stew?
Yes, you're right.
Exactly, you just made a stew before coming here.
Maybe your sleeve got a little stained.
Really?
You like to cook, do you?
Yes, yes, a little.
Beef stew with potatoes is my specialty.
As it was my husband's favorite dish,
he asked his mother
to teach me how to make it the way he liked it.
What?
Subaru, I didn't know you liked to cook.
I didn't either.
Now that we're talking about cooking,
my husband bought me lots and lots of cookbooks
because he knew that I liked cooking very much, that it was my passion.
Most of the books are pretty torn up from looking at them.
So we don't need to look at them.
We can discard them right off the bat.
Hey, Sonoko, listen, did you put on your makeup?
Yes.
I did it just now when we went to the washroom.
As it should come in Kaito Kid,
I put on a little make-up so I'll look nice when he sees me.
This cocky thief doesn't stand a chance today.
Even if he does come, between the box and the anti-theft mechanisms,
I don't think he'll get the moonstone.
Even he's not capable of overcoming that much security.
We'll see about that.
"This presence..."
"It's him. It's very close."
"Who could it be? Who has he disguised himself as?"
("Kamikaze express", Takuto)

Aa Kasumi no naka
nobashita ude ga sukoshi furuete iru.
Aa Fuan to kouyoukan Isshin Kuta ni shite
nami wa yurameite ita.
Mirai wa sueldo Fuu wo kiru mae no mae,
dekiagatte sae INAI genzairyou.
Madamada agakeru koko kara kakerun datte
Kimi no kimi no hitokoe de Subete hajimaru.
Ichi ni no no san de Aizu shite me wa tojite ite kamawanai
netsu wo obiru yume.
Arayuru yami wo keshisaru you na kamikaze express
Toutou hasshin desu!
Niega datte Mirai datte Bokura wa mushiro estima na hou ga ii.
Tobikata mo Nanto Naku de ii.
Kitto Kitto socchi no hou ga nagaku toberu ya!
The power has gone out.
What's the matter?
It's the Kaito Kid!
Sure it's him, he's already here!
(Jirokichi) Mm?
(Jirokichi) Solve the problem.
(Kogoro) "I've taken the one in the box. Signed, Kaito Kid."
Oops, this face...
I see you figured it out too, detective.
Don't miss the next episode:
"On Kaito Kid and the secret box, (part two)."

