"Inside a secret box created by the inventor Kichiemon Samizu.
"There is a fabulous gem, the Memory Moon,
which is the object of desire of the Kaito Kid."
"The sheet with the instructions to open the box".
"It must be among the pages of one of the ten thousand books
that have been given in the Suzuki Library."
But we are interested in finding the sheet, aren't we?
(Think: Shinichi voice) "There are masses..."
Couldn't it be
That your husband had hidden the instruction sheet somewhere else?
No.
My husband died unexpectedly last month,
because of a traffic accident.
He could not foresee the accident and hide the paper somewhere else.
Maybe he hid it in some book
that he knew that, for one reason or another, you would never think of reading.
True, you may be right.
I don't usually read mystery novels.
And I don't like scary novels very much either.
I don't like novels with monsters or murder.
Hey, Sonoko, listen, did you put on make-up?
Yes, I did just now when we went to the toilet.
As it should come in Kaito Kid,
I've put on a little make-up so I'll look pretty when he sees me.
This smug thief doesn't stand a chance today.
Even if he does, between the box and the anti-theft devices...
I don't think he'll make off with the moonstone.
Even he can't get past that much security.
Oh! (Echoing) We'll see about that.
(Echoing) We'll see about that.
"This presence..."
(echoing) It's him.
It's very close.

"Who is it? Who has he disguised himself as?"
"A new day begins with a splendid sun."
"It is the hour of love and mysteries."
"I'll find out the disguise of the Kaito Kid,
who now goes behind a box full of memories."
"The truth always comes out in the end."
"He looks like a kid, but he has the brain of an adult and he's Detective Conan!"
WAKE UP !!!
Me wo samashite.
Kizukareru mae ni tobidashite Ikou.
Itsumo urusai hito
nemutchaeba moves jamamono wa INAI.
Mondas darake no machi de Knock Out!
Uchikowasu tameiki to souon.
Yuku hito no kage yatsu wo Rock On!
Susumu ude no Tokei wa.
Kauntodaun...
Kowase Bad Day!
Everything OK!
Hashiridase kimi no tiene wo totte!
Zutter Futari de Kono machi ni moves goodbye...
Asu and Go Now.
Everything OK!
Mayou made yukeru Tokoro e.
Sakebu kokoro from "Y just wanna get the truth !!"
Donna kotoba mo mueve iranai.
Koko ni kotae wa nai, tsukisusumu On My Way.
Kowase Bad Day!
Everything OK !!!
Mayou made yukeru Tokoro e.
Sakebu kokoro de... And I just wanna get the truth !!"
(Go, go, go, go, go!) Get the truth.
(Go, go, go, go, go!) Get the truth.

"In Kaito Kid and the secret box. Part two."
"In Kogoro he hasn't coughed at all since he came back from the toilet."
"In Subaru he seems to be more aware of what's going on around him
than the book."
"Dr. Agasa has been in the bathroom longer than usual."
Oh...
"The only ones who are not suspicious are in Jirokichi and Mrs. Tomoyose."
"He has command of the security devices,
so he would have had plenty of opportunities to take the box."
"And on Kaito Kid he would not have been so frightened
when he saw that the box had gotten wet."
"And the Ran and the Sonoko?"
What are you doing?
"In fact, it wouldn't be the first time...
that the Kaito Kid has impersonated one of them."
What do you want to do, Ran?
It's just that I've seen a book I'm interested in,
but I think it's too high up;
I can't reach it by very little.
With one of these scales, I'm sure I could get there.
But they're both busy now.
Hold on.
I'll hold the chair for you, if you want.
Try again.
Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.
"I can go by height to identify him."
"You're both about the same height as Dr. Agasa."
"Eh?"
"Oh! You're about to see him all over."
"No, wait a minute."
"It could be on Kaito Kid disguised as Ran."
"But these thighs are exactly like those of..."
(Ouch) What, what a sight, huh?
Eh...
No, it's just that...
On the outside you look like a little kid, but on the inside you're worse than a dirty old man.
Eh?
You pervert.
It's not what you think.
I can't reach, there's no way.
I was just watching him to see if he was the Kaito Kid in disguise.
Pervert.
Yes, I'm sorry, I'm a pervert.
What's the matter?!
And you don't notice his presence?
I mean the Kaito Kid's.
Who knows.

The truth is that I don't notice anything special.
Other than him, you mean it couldn't be anyone?
He's the only one who hasn't left this room.
In all the time since we've been here.
He hasn't come out for anything.
"Yeah, but it could be that he was disguised as Subaru before he came in
and already been the Kaito Kid from the beginning."
"Oysters. I'm starting to get suspicious of everyone."
"It could be anyone."
It has, Ran.
Wasn't this the book you wanted?
Yes, thank you very much.
Mh?
Mm...
What does it say here?
"13 requirements for dating a detective."
Oh! (Laughs)
Uh...
Don't be a gossip.
Excuse me, I don't know if I can be helpful, but I want to tell you something.
I'm a little embarrassed.
When we were studying,
my husband and I shared a journal of exchanging impressions.
It was a very strange diary.
Why do you say that, that it was strange?
Before we released it,
we agreed that my husband would write in the right-hand pages.
and I would write on the left-hand pages.
But with only one page I didn't have enough
to explain everything that had happened to me during the day,
plus thoughts and feelings for my husband.
Therefore, I would write 3 pages....
because my husband could start writing on the left page.
But then I would find that he would only write a few sentences and that was enough.
Maybe your husband didn't like writing that much, right?
Yes, that's exactly what I thought at the time.
"But right after we got married,
"One day I happened to see the shared journal
on his desk in the study."
"Reading through my notes from my youth,
I was overcome with a mixture of shame and nostalgia."
"I kept turning over the pages, and suddenly,
"I saw two whole pages that my husband had written...
that I had never seen before."
"I had no recollection of having seen them in our student days."
Immediately after that,
my husband saw me and took the journal from me.
-Oh!
-Huh?
Oh!
You can't read it, that.
It's secret, I'm so sorry.
And since that day I've never seen our diary again.
And I can't stop thinking about what I should say.
Maybe it has something to do with the sheet of paper we couldn't find.
Hm.
Could it be that the pages were stuck together?
If your husband ate rice balls while reading that page?
If he had dropped a grain of rice between the pages....
"My husband was always a very shy man."
"I asked his mother
to teach me how to do it the way he liked it."
"I hope no water got in."
"It was a very strange diary."
If one day you manage to find this sheet of paper,
you'll finally be able to open the box
and find out what it really hides.
Oh!
Hm.
Oops, this face...
I see you've figured it out too, detective.
You know what the sheet of paper is and what's really in the box.
What's that you say?
That you've figured out where the instructions to open the box are?
Hm.
Are you for real?
And I've also figured out why there's been no way to find them.
Even though we've all been looking for them for so long.
But, Conan, what do you mean?
I hope you're not making it up, all of it, because it's not funny.
Can someone lend me a notebook and a pen, please?
Huh?
Yes, thank you very much.
Is this going well for you?
First of all, I tear out a random page from the middle.
And now, I tear the page in half.
That's it.
Now I draw a circle on both sides of the paper.
Front and back.
Here you go.
Now take a good look at the paper and memorize the drawing well.
Very good.
Let's see.
It's a simple circle.
If you've already memorized it, you can put it between the pages of the notebook?
And so on.
Thank you. Thank you.
Abracadabra, goat's foot.
I order you to disappear.
Hm?
Here you go.
Don't talk nonsense, man.
Now you won't be able to find it.
Let's see.
Just flipping through the notebook...
It can't be, it has to be.
It must be around here for sure.
-How did it disappear?
-It's gone.
It's unbelievable.
Conan, are you sure you didn't sneak it out...
without us noticing?"
And now, I would never do that, me, that.
Especially because...
Mmm... Ah.
Look.

Although it's the same place you left it.
But how did you do it?
Now it's there.
The trick is the edge of the page.
The edge of the pages where the leaf is
are a little torn from the middle down.
(Kogoro) Let me see.
Let-me-see, that.
This way you don't bump into your finger when you flip through the notebook
and therefore skips this page.
You're right, it's true.
On the other hand, if you hold the pages from the top,
then you will find it right away.
-It looks exactly like a magic trick.
-Oh.
It's true.
I've torn the edges of the pages a little bit
while everyone was looking at the paper and didn't see it.
Mrs. Tomoyose's husband was supposed to use the same trick
in the shared diary they wrote together.
As her husband must have been very shy, as you said yourself,
he used this trick so that when you flipped through the diary,
you skipped over the pages where he had written his impressions.
When you reread bits of the diary when you were already married,
you found the pages he had written
because he was turning the pages little by little, one at a time.
But listen to me, kid,
if we don't know in which of these ten thousand books he used this trick,
we're exactly the same as we were.
What?
But I do know.
Even if it was very difficult to find the paper,
if we turned the pages little by little and one at a time, like she did...
Yes.
We would find it, wouldn't we?
But even so, you explained that your husband told you that he would never find it, right?
that he would never find it, right?
Yes, exactly.
So, we must think that he put the paper between some pages...
that you would never turn.
But, Conan, we've already skimmed through all the novels you don't like..,
the mystery and the scary ones.
You've reviewed them at Subaru and Ay, haven't you?
Yes, I know.
And Mrs. Tomoyose had already done it, too.
Because to look for the paper you didn't need to read them, of course.
Tell us at once which book it is.
Don't keep us intrigued like this any longer.
I can assure you that there is no need to turn them,
the pages of the book we are looking for.
Mrs. Tomoyose has no need to read what it says,
because she already knows how to do it perfectly well.
She knows how to do it better and everything from how it is explained in those pages.
It could be the book...
of the stew recipe, right?
That's right!
That's right.
This recipe was taught to her by her mother-in-law.
And, as her husband already liked this dish very much...
as she made it, she didn't need to read any recipe.
And if it had been in another recipe,
even if her husband had used the trick you said before,
he would have found it by looking for the page
that corresponded to the other recipe according to the index.
-It seems to me...
-Where are the cookbooks?
I think the cookbooks must be on those shelves over there.
But there are lots and lots of them, of cookbooks.
Dozens.
A few dozen is nothing compared to ten thousand.
Besides, we only have to look at the stew recipes.
If we all put our heads together, it won't take long.
Hm?
What's the matter?
Oh!
The power's out.
It's the Kaito Kid.
I'm sure it's him, he's already here.
The power's gone out in the whole building.
Inspector, you mean we shouldn't go in?
Not yet, no.
We've agreed we won't go in until we've been notified from inside.
But we'll cover all the exits, that's for sure.
-Yes, sir!
-And don't let an ant out.
That's great.
Because you haven't let the police in,
now the Kaito Kid can play as much as he wants with electricity.
Don't worry, Mr. Mouri.
Don't worry.
Even if you did get in,
it's impossible for you to open the secret box in the dark.
- (chime)
-Huh?
It's a music box.
This song that's playing sounds like "Grandfather's Watch," doesn't it?
He said that when the box was opened, music would play.
(clattering)
"This was the sound of the cage falling."
Solve the problem.
Hurry and turn the lights back on.
Hey, what happened?
Did anything happen to it, in the box?
Even though it's in place, no one touched it.
What?
Oh!
"I took the one in the box. Signed, Kaito Kid."
Oh!

It is impossible.
It can't be that he opened the secret box in Kichiemon Samizu.
And it can't be that, moreover, he opened it in the dark and with so little time.
-I knew that the Kaito Kid could do it.
-How did he do it?
This time he beat us.
It seems to me that we are no longer needed here for anything else.
Can we go home?
-Huh?
-No.
The security shutters attached to the cage have been closed.
He can't have gotten out.
It must be in here.
I'll find him even if, to do so,
I'll have to stretch everyone's face.
-Don't do it, please.
-He won't get away this time.
Eh?
Don't you remember?
We had agreed that I would let you expose my husband's box here
on condition that at all times you treat visitors to the library with respect and politeness.
visitors to the library.
But Mrs. Tomoyose, what about the moonstone?
the gem your husband left you...?
The magician can keep it, the moonstone.
He has earned it for having managed to open the box
despite the difficulties and obstacles.
Eh?
It's all right if I don't get the moonstone back.
What I wanted was the other thing inside the box.
I have gone through the books taking into account what the boy said
and I found the instruction sheet inside this cookbook.
Now we can open the box and see what's inside.
Hm.
And you didn't think that maybe the thief took everything that was there?
-I don't think so, that he took it.
That he didn't leave anything behind?
It wouldn't have done him any good.
Soc the only person in this world who can see any value.
Hm?
-Hm?
-Oh, oh, oh, oh.
-Belly again...
-What's the matter, doctor?
Oysters.
Well, go to the bathroom, it's better not to wait.
Yes, yes, yes... Aah...
Hm...
Eh?
Hey.
You haven't opened the box yet, have you?
What? What are you doing, Conan?
What are you doing, Conan?
Can't you see I'm in the sink?
Yeah, but I don't know what he's doing in here.
He hasn't even pulled down his pants.
Hey, uh... Not yet... I was just about to.
And there's something else that doesn't fit, either.
When we're alone, the doctor never calls me Conan.
And the band-aids on the right hand.
The doctor wore one on the second joint of the index finger.
He didn't wear it to the tip.
And another one, still: the doctor and the Ran make the same height.
The Ran had not reached for the book
although she had stood on tiptoe on a chair.
It couldn't be that the doctor could reach it so easily.
Surely you have taken advantage of the fact that the doctor has thick legs
to bend your knees and make it look like you were shorter.
But you had to stretch your legs to reach for the book.
What, am I wrong?
Hello, Kaito Kid.
How do you know I haven't opened the box?
How come you're so sure I didn't open it?
The song "Grandfather's Watch"
was composed by the American Henry Walk in 1876.
But it didn't arrive in Japan until 1940.
And the box is from the 19th century.
Therefore, the person who made it could not have known.
You played the song yourself on your cell phone, didn't you?
I congratulate you.
And the moonstone, are you sure you don't even want to see it?
I thought you were looking for a special gem, and this gem is.
I know it is.
But you see, it turns out that one day Mr. Tomoyose was robbed on the street
and took the moonstone from him.
"And then I stole it from the thief to give it back to him."
Watch it.
Oh, sorry.
I'm sorry.
-Huh? -Sorry, what's yours, this?
-Sorry, what's yours, this? -Sorry.
-You just stole it. -Yes, it's mine, but...
-Yes, it's mine, but... -Yes, it's mine, but... How did you...?
Be very careful.
This moonstone looks very expensive.
-Yes. -Yes.
-That it's a gift?
It's a gift for my wife.
You could say it's a prize.
"I want to keep it together with our diary."
"So moonstones are a symbol of pure love."

(thinks) "Gee. In the end it was all just the diary."
Now I get it.
You've seen it before, the moonstone.
Yes, I only came today to accept Mr. Suzuki's challenge.
Now I'm leaving.
I open the door and leave, goodbye.
Ep.
How come it won't open?
What's the matter?
Before leaving you have to give me something.
I want you to return the pictures you took of me.
I don't want them to leave here.
"Come to think of it,
you could see he was wearing some kind of device around his neck."
Huh?
Are we there yet?

What a cheater!
He left his cell phone and walked away.
("Kamikaze express", Takuto)

Aa Kasumi no naka
nobashita ude ga sukoshi furuete iru.
Aa Fuan to kouyoukan Isshin Kuta ni shite
nami wa yurameite ita.
Mirai wa sueldo Fuu wo kiru mae no mae,
dekiagatte sae INAI genzairyou.
Madamada agakeru koko kara kakerun datte
Kimi no kimi no hitokoe de Subete hajimaru.
Ichi ni no no san de Aizu shite me wa tojite ite kamawanai
netsu wo obiru yume.
Arayuru yami wo keshisaru you na kamikaze express
Toutou hasshin desu!
Niega datte Mirai datte Bokura wa mushiro estima na hou ga ii.
Tobikata mo Nanto Naku de ii.
Kitto Kitto socchi no hou ga nagaku toberu ya!
(Tose)
(Ai and Agasa) Bon appetit.
Oh.
It's so good.
Wow... Not bad.
(TV) "The Suzuki Library is still closed to the public.
and, inside, the police are still searching for Kaito Kid."
"Let's remember that it's now been 12 hours since the investigation began."
"It's getting closer and closer to the time to open the library..."
and the investigation teams are getting more and more tired.
They hope to be able to arrest in Kaito Kid as soon as possible.
Inspector Nakamori.
We've already searched everywhere.
There's nowhere else left to look.
Maybe he's escaped.
He can't have.
It can't be.
Look for it.
Give it up already, man.
From today, Miss Wakasa will be your support teacher.
J-me...
It's nice to meet you.
It's rare for a new teacher to start at this point in the school year.
Forgive me for asking for your help at lunchtime.
(Genta) Oops, it's old and rickety.
Don't do it.
You can't touch this.
(Genta) Oh!
"Don't miss the next episode:
The case of the skeleton and the new teacher.
Part one. '"

