Ah!
Ooh!
You can say that again!
What a fantastic place, Conan!
Mm?
We're not the only ones who've just arrived.
(door: chime)
(Kogoro) Wow.
And I thought there were more customers.
(Kogoro) I don't know... Maybe they've gone to the toilet.
But all at once?
Ran, this reminds me of something.
Actually, there was a case... What was it?
It must be the Mary Celeste case, right?
You mean this one?
What do you mean!
The Mary Celeste?
Yes!
Yes, this one!
In the nineteenth century, there was a case of a brigantine by that name...
and that remained unsolved.
That's right.
The 10 passengers who were on board disappeared without a trace.
Another sailboat found the brigantine, which was drifting.
It is seen that the passengers were eating, when they disappeared,
and all their things were still on board.
Eh?
"It really looks a lot like what happened here..."
Eh?
(Man: groans)
(man: groans) Huh?
What's that?
Mr. Kuchiishi!
I'm... Yes, that's me.
You're Chef Kuchiishi, right?
Are you hurt?
Can you explain what happened?
Ah!
Father, at the door.
Ran, call the police and an ambulance!
Mr. Mouri, look!
Right away.
They're footprints!
"A new day begins with a splendid sun."
"It's the hour of love and mysteries."
"Missing persons and a note with 'curse' written on it."
"What the hell happened? The truth always comes out in the end."
"He looks like a kid, but he has the brain of an adult and he's Detective Conan!"
WAKE UP !!!
Me wo samashite.
Kizukareru mae ni tobidashite Ikou.
Itsumo urusai hito
nemutchaeba moves jamamono wa INAI.
Mondas darake no machi de Knock Out!
Uchikowasu tameiki to souon.
Yuku hito no kage yatsu wo Rock On!
Susumu ude no Tokei wa.
Kauntodaun...
Kowase Bad Day!
Everything OK!
Hashiridase kimi no tiene wo totte!
Zutter Futari de Kono machi ni moves goodbye...
Asu and Go Now.
Everything OK!
Mayou made yukeru Tokoro e.
Sakebu kokoro from "Y just wanna get the truth !!"
Donna kotoba mo mueve iranai.
Koko ni kotae wa nai, tsukisusumu On My Way.
Kowase Bad Day!
Everything OK !!!
Mayou made yukeru Tokoro e.
Sakebu kokoro de... And I just wanna get the truth !!"
(Go, go, go, go, go!) Get the truth.
(Go, go, go, go, go!) Get the truth.

"The mystery of the one-star restaurant"
Thank goodness this head injury wasn't serious.
I'd like to ask you a few questions about what happened,
Mr. Kuchiishi.
Yes, of course.
Can you confirm that there were five people at that table over there?
Yes, there were.
They had booked it about a week ago.
They were workers from Onda Trading Company.
(Takagi) Inspector!
We understand.
We have news about the identity of the missing persons.
The place where the glasses are
was occupied by Mr. Kozo Kano, 40 years old.
We were able to identify him thanks to his driver's license.
Next to him, on the American jacket on the chair,
we found a driver's license.
It was sitting on Kazuki Iketani, 28 years old.
In the case that was under the flower scarf,
we found the worker's card...
of Mitsuyo Ekuni, 38 years old.
On the seat in front of the ashtray sat Tokuro Sahara, 35 years old.
We found a pack of tobacco and the card in a pocket of her coat.
From the information we found on the cell phone,
the remaining seat was occupied
Kaori Manaka, 25 years old.
They all work for the company Comercial Onda.
We checked on the company's website.
Of course we did.
Look, it's them.
Sure it is.
Mr. Kuchiishi, can you confirm that they are the missing people?
"The company Comercial Onda... Sounds very familiar."
Yes.
Yes, they are.
We've tried unsuccessfully to contact the company president.
I've sent a patrol car to his house to investigate.
Takagi, a question.
When we entered the restaurant,
the cell phone showed a slideshow of photos.
Yes, it was them.
Were these people in it?
There were pictures of all 5 of them in many different places.
It looks like they were good friends who met and partied often.
They must have wanted to be photographed at this restaurant too.
Oh.
Ahem...
There were just these people, the restaurant?
Yes.
They had driven in about an hour ago.

We have arrived... about 20 minutes ago.
"The car is still..."
And what happened next?
Well, they were toasting...
and I went to the kitchen to continue preparing the dishes.
"I served the starters and the soup."
"And then, about 15 minutes later, suddenly..."
No, sir.
And you couldn't see the attacker?
Well, everything seems to indicate...
that the assailant may be one of the five workers.
"This is... a discarded receipt from the restaurant."
Excuse me, Mr. Kuchiishi.
This dish here is a tiramisu, isn't it?
Ah... Yes.
Yes, it is.
Was anyone going for dessert
when everyone else was still on the first courses?
Ah.
This is becoming more and more common.
Some people like to start with dessert...
Yes?
Well, the woman who was sitting here really likes desserts!
It's possible, I don't know.
And what do you have to know!
Okay, sorry!
You shouldn't even be here!
And another thing...
Come on, come on!
So...
At the toast, did someone drop a glass and break it?
Well... I don't think so.
If it had happened, I would know about it,
because I would have been in charge of cleaning it up.
It's true.
The trash and the garbage cans were empty.
But there's another thing.
The car outside... Ah!
Stop it.
Ouch!
Mm?
Ow!
All right. (Laughs)
Sorry about that.
You can't disturb them when they're working.
All right, um...
We'll both wait here.
No way!
What are you talking about?
Yes, right away.
Inspector!
We have news.
Approximately 3 years ago,
this company was the subject of an investigation
for a matter of smuggling precious metals.
One of their top executives took all the blame for it
and finally seems to have committed suicide.
Ah, yes, I remember that case.
And it may be related to the disappearances?
You don't know everything yet.
The name of the person who committed suicide... is Keigo Kuchiishi.
He has the same last name as the chef!
How!
Inspector Megure!
This post has been posted on the chef's blog!
(Kogoro) "The customers have disappeared?"
What!
Well, we've got it.
It's obvious that if he's done something like this...
(Kogoro) Mr. Kuchiishi is not here!
But where did he go?
(Kogoro) Oh!
Look!
Kuchiishi!
(Kogoro) Oh!
It can't be!
The lake has disappeared, just like the other 5!
What's he doing?
Takagi, Chiba, quick!
Start the whole lake area!
We can't wait for daylight.
"(Takagi) I thought so.
(Takagi) Are you serious?
I'm the only one who hasn't gone to search the area around the lake.
It's okay, man!
Don't worry.
In Chiba and the other fellows are already taking care of that area.
But still...
Inspector Megure's orders.
Are you sure that Mr. Mouri has asked you
to tell me to search this area?
Yes.
Look!
Take a good look!
But-but, hey, you can't have this!
Where'd you get it from, Conan?
Huh?
You see?
Yes!
This is... a map!
If we take into account that this is the lake, the restaurant is here.
And the finish line is... here!
We're almost there!
This is...
Yes, the character "Ei" from "Eigo Kuchiishi".
"I think he uses it as a signature."
This building is a warehouse that belongs to Mr. Kuchiishi.
- (loud knock) -Oh!
This noise is coming from inside!
At once!
Run, open up, Takagi!
It's them!
Yes, it's the customers who had disappeared.
None of them are wearing shoes.
This means... this means those footprints...
Mm-hm.
They were Kuchiishi's work.
He planned the whole thing.
The head wound is also self-inflicted... I'm sure he did.
Mr. Mouri already said so...
But... what's the point?
Why should he make it up?
And... where did he go?
Well, it is possible that the answer is in the hands of his hostages.
It's been a long time, President!
We haven't seen each other since my father's funeral.
You're... You are... You're Kuchiishi's son!?
My father wasn't strong enough.
I'm going to put the idea in his head!
I'm going to play with his mind so that he'll take all the blame and kill himself.
But... I won't let this stand!
Eh?
Thank goodness you're here!
Help me!
Don't move!

It's Teruaki Onda, the president of Onda Commercial, right?
Inspector Megure, Metropolitan Police.
What?
You're policemen?
I was expecting you, Mr. Mouri.
If you've come this far,
it means you've deciphered the clues I've been leaving you.
Eh?
Ah... Well... I don't know exactly what...
What does it say?
I thought you got the location
thanks to the 5 workers you helped rescue.
Rescue, you say?
Sure, we were able to get them out of where they were being held...
and we're currently interrogating them
to find out exactly what happened.
Ah!
Well, no...
Y... Mouri, what clues are you talking about?
Don't ask me, I don't... Oh!
Aaaa...
-Oh!
-All right?
We've got him here,
the Sleeping Kogoro!
(Kogoro voice) Sorry I didn't speak clearly.
Let me explain this whole clue thing.
I admit that what it reminded me of
the case of the missing persons on the boat
and what made me think of this mystery
it says in Kuchiishi was... in Conan!
(Conan voice) Hello!
The first thing that struck me as odd about all this was the tiramisu.
Mm-hm.
Do you remember?
The tiramisu?
It was right in front of the seat of the woman who had the flower scarf.
It was the beginning of the meal,
and it was strange that she was the only one on the entire table
who had decided to start with the tiramisu.
The chef explained that there were people who
who liked to start with the sweets, but....
Surely he hadn't realized his mistake.
Eh?
What do you mean by that?
(Kogoro voice) He means that, if you looked at the photos that were on the cell phone,
it was obvious that he had the wrong person.
At the parties they had before,
it is true that there was a person
who started the meals for the desserts...
But it was not Mitsuyo Ekuni, but Kazuki Iketani.
Where do you want to go?
Besides, it was always the same people,
they had the habit of always sitting in the same way.
You can see it in all the photos that had been taken up to that time.
That's why it didn't make much sense that just on this occasion
had they decided to change places.
The personal belongings did not match the usual order.
But this doesn't prove anything at all.
According to you, what was the reason for this?
It was designed to make me realize
that there was something wrong.
I wanted the truth to come out!
What truth?
What truth?
When the two sheets where the word "curse" was written were superimposed on the back
the two sheets of paper on which the word "curse" was written,
you could see a map that led to the warehouse
where the 5 missing persons were locked.
In fact, the purpose of these notes was....
that we could find the way to free them.
At first, my main hypothesis was...
that they had been taken from the restaurant
and that they had been locked in the warehouse.
Everything seemed to indicate that that was the case.
And... it didn't?
No, because we would have found the things of each of the diners...
the places they usually use whenever they get together.
And one more clue.
The blazer had a wine stain on the sleeve
and there was also a small shard of glass stuck to it
that didn't seem to have any explanation.
We found no debris to indicate that anything had been broken there,
and the trash cans were empty.
Does this have any relevance?
Inspector Megure, remember Kuchiishi's testimony.
According to what he said, the meal had started an hour ago,
and we had been there for 20 minutes.
Now, from the noise and heat coming from the hood of the car parked in front of the entrance...
of the car parked in front of the entrance,
it was obvious that the engine had recently been turned off.
In addition, there was also a table, chairs, a broken wine glass and a bottle of wine in the storage room,
a broken wine glass and a bottle.
I'll be right with you.
This means...
That he lured them into the warehouse,
they came voluntarily and then he locked them out.
Mr. Onda.
You've been in charge of organizing a lot of parties lately, haven't you?
There's evidence of all these parties on the phone.
You paid for restaurants,
excursions to mountaintops and deserted island paradises.

They probably told them that you were the one who invited them,
they went to that warehouse without suspecting anything
and raised their glasses to toast to your health.
But I... I don't know what you're talking about.
(Conan voice) Yes, thank you, Inspector Takagi.
It is just as Mr. Mouri has deduced.
The wine that was in the warehouse
and what was found in the sleeve of the blazer
is exactly the same.
And when they analyzed it, they found a sleeping pill.
In addition, they received a message on their cell phone from Mr. Onda
where he invited them to go.
But... what are you saying?
It can't be!
I didn't send them anything.
(Kogoro voice) It is clear that it was Mr. Kuchiishi who sent it.
"When they lost consciousness, he took their shoes,
"the jacket and some of the personal items they were carrying,
"And with the car that the five of them had used to get to the warehouse...
he returned to the restaurant."
"He placed all the objects
"As if the customers had been there until a moment ago,
and served the food."
"Then, he left the tracks leading to the lake,
and arranged everything to make it look like they'd been dumped."
"He's going to stick the sheet with the word 'curse' on it,
hit his head and waited for us to arrive."
In fact, the character he used to write "curse"?
he got it from combining two of the characters
that his father's name is spelled with.
So he used his father's name?
He left a coded message.
The father's name was Keigo Kuchiishi.
He mixed the first character of his first name and the first character of his last name.
By combining them in a certain way,
a new character meaning "curse" appears.
It is possible that his father had once used this abbreviation
this abbreviation to sign.
Like you, who also uses only part of your name to sign.
In short, Mr. Eigo Kuchiishi, Mr. Keigo's son, wanted to avenge his father's death,
wanted to avenge his father's death.
He began by pretending
that he had gone after the company's workers first.
But it was nothing more than a decoy to pass him off as the president.
This was his real goal,
and he hoped it would come out in the open!
How?
He wanted the five workers, who were the only ones who knew...
who was the real culprit of what happened, to talk;
on the other hand, he wanted to get the message to the head...
that the next target was him;
and finally, he wanted us to find out about this whole plan.
What he just dropped
is the company's parallel accounting,
that is to say, a proof...
that would prove that Mr. Kuchiishi's father was innocent.
I found out about it two weeks ago.
I learned by pure chance
that my father had been set up...
If the accounting were to come out, we can say goodbye to the company.
XXT!
Don't talk so loud, man.
Besides, there's no way I'll let this get out!
-You're right.
I'm sorry.
-I orchestrated the suicide.
I won't make twice
the same mistake we made with Kuchiishi.
(Kogoro voice) They couldn't even imagine that that restaurant
belonged to the son of Keigo Kuchiiishi,
the man they sent to his death.
I wanted revenge!
I wanted to kill them all!
But then... Mr. Mouri made a reservation at the restaurant.
A sign that told me not to rush.
And I changed the initial plan.
I realized that the father's name would be forever tarnished
if the whole truth was not known.
He thought that if a recognized detective came
and he could leave him the right clues,
he'd be able to get here,
where their connivance would be exposed.
Truly magnificent!
Thank you.
Thank you very much.
"This ledger was the proof
"In order to close the prison, the president of the company..,
"Mr. Onda, and the five workers who participated...
in the plot against Mr. Kuchiishi."
"So his son could finally clear his father's name."
("Kamikaze express", Takuto)

Aa Kasumi no naka
nobashita ude ga sukoshi furuete iru.
Aa Fuan to kouyoukan Isshin Kuta ni shite
nami wa yurameite ita.
Mirai wa sueldo Fuu wo kiru mae no mae,
dekiagatte sae INAI genzairyou.
Madamada agakeru koko kara kakerun datte

Kimi no kimi no hitokoe by Subete hajimaru.
Ichi ni no no san de Aizu shite me wa tojite ite kamawanai
netsu wo obiru yume.
Arayuru yami wo keshisaru you na kamikaze express
Toutou hasshin desu!
Niega datte Mirai datte Bokura wa mushiro estima na hou ga ii.
Tobikata mo Nanto Naku de ii.
Kitto Kitto socchi no hou ga nagaku toberu ya!
(Everyone) Everything was great!
Still, I think it was a pity.
For once we had made a reservation at a one-star restaurant....
It's true.
I hope Mr. Kuchiishi can reopen it someday.
I hope so.
Although I liked this ramen restaurant too!
I'm sick of it!
Oh.
As the sign said.
"Eat till you roll off!"
Like a sparrow!
How about that?
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha!
He won't make a living as a comedian.
Well!
Well, it says on this ticket
that he bet on the Pirate Spirit in race 9 and won.
Did it?
Is that so?
But it's 100 times what I bet!
One million yen!
Let's go to Beika Iroha Sushi!
Let's go to Beika Iroha Sushi!
Which one of you has stolen my wallet?
I know the culprit is here, in the restaurant.
Don't miss the next episode:
"" An old-fashioned Tokyo-style detective show (part one)""

