(Shinichi voice) "In Kogoro I watched the horse races on TV.
"When we checked, on a betting slip I didn't remember having,
that he had won a million yen."
(Conan voice) Or perhaps when he dropped his wallet on the ground,
the person with whom it collided also dropped it
and mistakenly picked up his betting slip.
Or maybe I made a mistake in marking the amount I wanted to bet!
And now, let's have dinner to celebrate.
Let's go, let's go to the Beika Iro.
Come on, let's go to Beika Iroha Sushi!
(Shinichi voice) "So that's how we ended up at the restaurant
next to the agency, the Beika Iroha Sushi."
"There we met a new waiter we had never seen before."
You are... new to the restaurant, aren't you?
-Of course.
-I've never seen him before.
Kanenori Wakita, a specialist in Japanese cuisine.
But I'm a very restless person and it's hard for me to stay in one place after another.
I've been changing restaurants until I ended up in the same one.
Ah...
(Shinichi voice) "We were about to pay and leave.
"When a very upset lady arrived
because her wallet had been stolen on the train."
"She had her cell phone on inside,
and thanks to the GPS she was able to know she was inside the restaurant."
"Because of the time it had been taken,
the thief has to be one of us in the restaurant."
"Besides..."
But... how much money was taken?
I looked in the wallet and they didn't take them,
the money.
Then I don't understand.
They took the ticket of the bet I had made at the racetrack!
A winning bet worth a million!
What? Father, listen to me for a moment.
Father, listen to me for a moment...
You mean to say that this winning ticket you found...
is not this lady's?
And now!
But what are you saying, woman.
But she says it was stolen an hour ago, right?
An hour ago, I was already in my office in front of the TV watching the races.
In fact, the horse racing broadcast...
has been over for 50 minutes.
And you only had time to watch one of the races,
when you came back, right?
This means that about an hour and a bit more ago
although you were close to the place where the bets are made.
Man, seen like that, it could be.
Maybe the person who stole his wallet was on his way to collect the prize
was on his way to collect the prize,
and in his haste he bumped into you and dropped the ticket.
Woman, to be able to, everything can be....
Now don't tell me that you took it out of a wallet you found.
And now!
What are you saying?
How dare you, kid?
Come to think of it, Mr. Mouri.
You've hit the jackpot today too, haven't you?
What do you say... if we play for the dinner money?
-I propose a game.
-Mm?
What do you mean?
We'll see which of us solves the mystery first.
Whoever finds out who the thief is first wins!
But-but is that...
Neither of them has blood on their sleeves and...
we're not getting anywhere.
The case has become an indecipherable mystery.
Aaa... what's wrong?
But... father!
I was just making a joke, woman.
(Shinichi, thinks) "It's very strange."
"One of them should have on his sleeve
the blood mark left by the lady."
"What's a mystery is to know
why they left the stolen wallet in this washroom."
"A professional thief would also have kept the money inside."
"And the most normal thing would have been
to throw it in the first garbage he could find."
"Why did you come to this very sushi restaurant?"
"It's the beginning of a new day with a splendid sun."
"It's time for love and mysteries."
"Start a competition with the waiter to find the thief!"
"Who has hidden the winning betting ticket?"
"The truth always comes out in the end."
"He looks like a kid, but he has the brains of an adult and he's Detective Conan!"
WAKE UP !!!
Me wo samashite.
Kizukareru mae ni tobidashite Ikou.
Itsumo urusai hito
nemutchaeba moves jamamono wa INAI.
Mondas darake no machi de Knock Out!
Uchikowasu tameiki to souon.
Yuku hito no kage yatsu wo Rock On!
Susumu ude no Tokei wa.
Kauntodaun...
Kowase Bad Day!
Everything OK!
Hashiridase kimi no tiene wo totte!

Zutter Futari of Kono machi ni moves goodbye...
Asu and Go Now.
Everything OK!
Mayou made yukeru Tokoro e.
Sakebu kokoro from "Y just wanna get the truth !!"
Donna kotoba mo mueve iranai.
Koko ni kotae wa nai, tsukisusumu On My Way.
Kowase Bad Day!
Everything OK !!!
Mayou made yukeru Tokoro e.
Sakebu kokoro de... And I just wanna get the truth !!"
(Go, go, go, go, go!) Get the truth.
(Go, go, go, go, go!) Get the truth.

"An old-fashioned Tokyo-style detective show! (Part two)."
(Shinichi, think) "They've left the stolen wallet
inside the toilet of this restaurant."
"Why, why this one and not another?"
"Or would the thief have done well at any sushi restaurant?"
"That guy over there is the first time he's come to Beika Iroha Sushi."
Let's see... Nigiris, chawanmushi cream... and a coke.
-Hello, sir.
-Excuse me.
The washroom?
-Mm-hm.
Thank you.
-Well, look, that's the end of it.
(Shinichi, thinks) "And that man sitting in the back...
it's not the first time he's come."
Aaa... let me have... a plate of nigiris, a tea...
and also...
Hey, they have grilled fish today, too?
Do they?
(Shinichi, thinks) "And the woman...
she looks like a regular customer of the place."
-The usual menu.
-Good evening.
Excuse me, does that mean you want...?
Well, the menu I always order, of course.
The other waiter isn't here?
He's on sick leave.
He had a serious car accident.
Oh, well...
So look, give me a cocktail and a bowl of rice and seafood.
-Yes. -Yes.
-With lots of sea urchins and red caviar.
Hey... can you be there for me?
-How can I help you?
-I just have a question for you.
Can you tell me why this gentleman here...
hasn't shown me his shirt sleeve yet?!
-Yes, you!
-Aaa... who, me?
You are among the suspects.
Aren't you?
Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey!
Don't talk nonsense in front of me!
But don't you know who you're talking to?
It's the famous Kogoro Mouri!
He would never stoop to such despicable behavior.
Mr. Mouri, show your sleeve!
-Ah...!
-Proof of your innocence!
Eh?
It seems that your sleeve is stained...
Ah...!
It's not that!
It's not that!
It's a stain I made a while ago with soy sauce.
It's just that I dropped it and look.
The blood is a completely different color.
(Shinichi, thinks) "It's true, but it sounds so fake..."
(He thinks) "It looks like he's making it up."
I'm telling you the truth!
He must believe me!
(Both, think) "It's because of karma. Since he has a bad conscience..."
(Suzuya) Enough!
Confess at once!
Who stole my wallet?
Which one of you was the train?
Are you going to tell me, or not?
What do you want me to tell you?
I didn't even take the train today.
-Mm...
-In fact, I walked here.
I... I took the bus.
I hate rush hour trains, they're very crowded.
Well, I came by cab.
It's not very expensive from the company.
I do it often.
Ah... Don't leave me any other choice.
It was my fault too.
I shouldn't have told the train that I had hit the bet.
That's why I had thought that if the thief confessed, I would forgive him.
But if no one steps forward, I will report him to the police.
The innocent will be able to add evidence to prove that they have done nothing
and they will be able to erase any doubts there may be about their conduct.
(Shinichi, thinks) " 'Add', 'erase'..."
"Sure! I hadn't thought of that!"
Sure, I guess showing the police....
what he has on him will be enough.
Because it's obvious...
that whoever has the winning ticket in his pocket...
or who has a million yen in cash on him..,
will be the culprit.
Mm.
No!
There won't be, woman!
There will be no need for the police to come.
Because we already have the culprit.
We've already caught it.
Now we'll unmask him and publicly tell his name.
(Conan's voice) Oh...
Oh, but, you mean you've already got him?
Have you been able to find out who did it?
-So much!
-Then say it!
Who is the thief?
The person who was on the train and stole the wallet,
and then ran away to get rid of the evidence...
The person who came here

and threw his wallet in the trash in the sink,
is one of us here!
-I have what, exactly?
-So, you've got it, of course.
I guess you've figured out why,
although when I was robbed I marked the thief's shirt with blood...
no one here has a stained sleeve.
-Well, he's not wrong!
-You have uncovered the mystery!
In fact, the culprit has crossed the restaurant's front door...
to erase the evidence that incriminated him.
But, in fact,
we can ask all this directly to Mr. Mouri.
Eh?
Let's leave the resolution to the professionals, come on!
Let him start that show he does when he solves the cases!
Let's go ahead!
Aaa... I don't know... I don't know what show you're talking about.
Oh, well.
I thought Sleeping Kogoro was something else.
-What's that?
-I feel cheated.
When you're a cook...
you're lucky enough to learn a lot of things without realizing it.
Yes?
Miss!
Could you tell me why you put ginger in it,
the recipe for shogayaki?
Aaa... well...
I don't need to think about it, the answer is more than obvious.
Oh!
Because it's better that way?
That's also why, of course, but ginger is added because it helps...
break down the proteins of the meat in the dish.
Thanks to the effects of ginger, the dish is not so heavy.
And lo and behold, proteins are also found in the blood.
The blood that falls on the clothes is very difficult to remove,
because the proteins are very strongly attached to the fabric.
If we rub the blood stains with a little ginger,
we can remove them much more easily.
What?
I didn't know that!
I'll try it!
-Yes.
-Well, do you...?
I mean, the ginger we sell here, despite being sweet,
has these properties.
And here the only one who has taken a lot of ginger has been him!
Eh ?!
Undoubtedly, you are the guilty one!
When he went to the toilet to throw away his wallet,
he took some of the ginger he had asked for.
And it is in this way
that you managed to remove the stain from the sleeve of your shirt.
-But... but what are you saying?
-Confess!
Listen, I'm not a pickpocket, me!
And what do you have to say?
You don't need to play the innocent!
You've already said it before,
that you wanted to go home to watch a series on TV.
Yes.
Yes, but...
Just a few minutes after the horse races had finished,
that's when Mr. Mouri arrived.
It was just after 4 o'clock.
And an hour later this lady arrived, around 5 o'clock.
And... you tried to leave the restaurant...
when it was already known that there had been a robbery,
that is to say, around 5:30 at 6:00.
If it is true that you walked here, as you say you did..,
it wouldn't have taken him more than 30 minutes to get home.
And at that hour, the only thing on TV...
are children's cartoons and anime series.
What's... what's the problem?
I... I... I... I like cartoons!
I wanted to watch the Kamen Yaiba series!
Because right in today's episode he fights against an ally of his enemy!
But... that, I wanted to see?
(Conan voice) Really...?
Well, I guess he must be a big fan of this series,
for not wanting to miss a single episode.
Of course, of course!
What's wrong?
Besides, everything you're saying doesn't make any sense.
If I had rubbed myself with the ginger,
I would have been left with the color of macerated ginger!
Then it would be easier for it to go away, into the washing machine, but now I would have it.
You're right, yes.
I don't mind them going through my stuff.
I don't even have a winning bet or a million yen.
Come on, let's go!
Get your things out.
Then we'll be able to find out who did it right away.
Come on, let's go!
(Tamesihige) It's just... I don't think it's right that...
- (Natsume) This is not manners!
- (Tsunetaka) And you too, madam!
You don't have to tell me what to do.
(Tsunetaka) Cut the crap and take it out!
If you don't have the winning ticket, you are free of suspicion, don't you see?
(Tsunetaka) Eh?
Aaa... excuse me!
I already have it!
I already know who has the winning ticket!
- (both) Eh?
-Eh...?
Ah...
Are you... are you serious about this?
No, woman.
If the Ran...
But... but, Ran!

Come on, Father, take out your wallet!
The father... bumped into someone and dropped his wallet.
When he was picking up the coins,
he also took this bill, thinking it was his!
-Mm...
-Yes, of course.
That's why... I apologize.
Apology accepted.
Mm?
But this... is a win-win.
Eh?
Eh?
And I bet on two horses at once.
I bet 5,000 yen each.
The prize was one million yen, total.
Stop trying to confuse me!
P... excuse me...
This is completely absurd!
I'm going home immediately.
No way!
We have to get the water clear, first!
-I'm leaving too.
-Let me pass!
-I'm going too.
-What?
-Apart s.
-Don't go away!
We don't get nervous!
Oh!
Let him wait for you!
Is he running away!
(Shinichi, thinks) "I can't help it."
Iah!
Oh..., oooh...!
(Kogoro voice) Wait a moment.
But...
But, Father...
(Kogoro voice) He said he liked mysteries,
that's why I waited to see what would come out of it.
But you're out of practice, waiter apprentice detective.
-You're right about the ginger.
-Eh?
It contains proteases, which are elements that help break down proteins.
But ginger is not the only element it contains.
They can also be found in turnips.
The thief has taken grated turnip, put it in a handkerchief,
and has been making little dabs
the front and back of the sleeve of the shirt.
He repeated the operation 3 or 4 times
until it was almost unnoticeable.
If it were done with marinated ginger, a different color would be noticeable,
but doing it with the turnip, there is no color change at all.
The next part of the plan is designed by the sink..., right?
That's why he ordered grilled fish,
because he knew it was accompanied by grated turnip.
Am I right?
I think it's a weak hypothesis.
It doesn't prove anything.
Maybe he felt like eating grilled fish.
In many sushi restaurants they do, I don't find it so strange.
But... when he ordered the fish...
Hey, they have grilled fish today too?
Do they?
Give me one.
(Kogoro voice) He asked if they had "today too".
That means it's not the first time you've been to this restaurant.
I'm sure you haven't even stopped to think
that nowadays almost every cell phone has a location system.
"He's not a professional."
"I'm sure he was very surprised when he saw the owner of the wallet appear.
the owner of the wallet."
Who was it?
Which one of you stole my wallet?
I know the culprit is here, in the restaurant!
(Kogoro voice) The question is: why did she come here to erase the stain?
He could have quietly returned home,
where he could have changed his shirt, washed it or thrown it away.
Yes, why did he come here?
(Kogoro voice) Because he would have had a lot of trouble
going with a bloodstain on her shirt where she is expected.
The boy who wants to go home to watch a TV show...
or the woman who wants to go home to continue auctioning a painting..,
it is no problem for them to have a stain on the street.
On the other hand, for the man with the glasses,
who has to go to a fancy restaurant,
it is a serious problem to present oneself in any way.
Even more so, knowing that the people he has to meet...
are his wife and in-laws.
He has acknowledged it before, he said they were very strict.
Imagine what they would have said to him if, in addition...
he shows up with a shirt stained with blood.
Th-that's... conjecture.
You have no proof that it was me who stole the wallet.
(Kogoro voice) Yes, you just confessed.
You inadvertently said it.
You... you're making it up!
I didn't say anything!
(Kogoro voice) You came by bus, but... why not by train?
-He could have taken an empty one.
-I don't like it, during rush hour!
But the train she took was full to... overflowing.
(Kogoro voice) And how can she know, if she wasn't there?
How could she know that the train she took was full?
Well... well that...
You know it because you also took this train.
Isn't that right?
Oh...
In fact, you don't understand much.
You seem to live well.

Now he's going to a fancy restaurant for a few drinks?
Why should I steal?
The ones who are rich are my wife's parents.
She grew up surrounded by luxury.
She has lacked nothing.
After we got married, she has continued to spend as if she was still with them,
but, of course, my salary is not enough for us.
I spent my savings and have been accumulating debts until now.
It was the train, thinking of borrowing money from my wife's parents,
when I overheard the conversation this lady was having...
with her friend.
- (woman) What?
What did you win?
- (Suzuya) Wow!
I won!
I won at the horse races!
One million yen!
- (Suzuya) I won!
-(Tameshige) What?!
(Tameshige) "I've let myself be carried away by despair,
without almost realizing it."
I saw myself there, taking the ticket.
I hope I can forgive myself someday.
-Ah, that...
- (mobile)
What do you mind if I answer the call?
-All right, take it.
-I guess it must be my wife.
- (cell phone)
-Thank you very much.
(Mobile: woman) "Hello, King! We're waiting for you."
"They have a reserve of Romanée-Conti, that fine French wine,
and I thought we could invite the father and mother."
"What do you think?"
- "What do you mean?"
-"No way.
We don't have that kind of money!
Have a beer, if you like.
Oh, and you can go home now, if you want,
because I won't be able to come with you.
- "What do you have to do, go to the police?"
-I have to go to the police.
"Explain yourself! What do you mean?"
I wish I had made it clear from the beginning, this money thing.
I confess I thought it would be easier, all of it.
This stealing thing does nothing for me.
You don't know what a weight I've taken off my shoulders, really.
And besides, I've never bet on the races...
and I had no idea where to go to collect this prize.
(Shinichi voice) "30 minutes later, the police arrived at the shop...
and took Mr. Munechika away."
"He was calm,
he seemed to have let go of something that made him suffer."
"You could see it on his face."
("Kamikaze express", Takuto)

Aa Kasumi no naka
nobashita ude ga sukoshi furuete iru.
Aa Fuan to kouyoukan Isshin Kuta ni shite
nami wa yurameite ita.
Mirai wa sueldo Fuu wo kiru mae no mae,
dekiagatte sae INAI genzairyou.
Madamada agakeru koko kara kakerun datte
Kimi no kimi no hitokoe de Subete hajimaru.
Ichi ni no no san de Aizu shite me wa tojite ite kamawanai
netsu wo obiru yume.
Arayuru yami wo keshisaru you na kamikaze express
Toutou hasshin desu!
Niega datte Mirai datte Bokura wa mushiro estima na hou ga ii.
Tobikata mo Nanto Naku de ii.
Kitto Kitto socchi no hou ga nagaku toberu ya!
I had to imagine it!
I expected nothing less from you!
But, father...
Ouch!
-Accept me as your disciple.
-Eh?
Ah...
-Aaa... "disciple"?
-I want to be a detective too!
In exchange, every time you come I'll give you a discount on sushi, eh?
-He-he-he-he-he-he!
He-he-he-he-he!
Great!
Of course!
(Shinichi, thinks) "I have more and more students..."
"Y..."
Listen..,
you mean you have to return the ticket?
I haven't stolen it from anyone and maybe they don't claim it.
Mm...
Come back!
And if they don't find the owner, then what will they do?
Go back!
Go back!
But, think what if...
(Shinichi, thinks) "And in Kogoro he has ended up taking the winning ticket
to a police station."
"The things we found, should be returned to their owner!"
Mr. General..., the tiger is afraid of me and now it won't come out.
Oh...!
Ooooh!
-Nxt!
-The windbreaker!
I assure you that you will capture this beast for yourself.
Yes, I'll have it all ready.
"Don't miss the next episode:
'The woman with the white hands (part one)'."

