Mr. General.
The tiger is afraid of me and will not come out now.
Night after night, he leaves the screen and does all sorts of misdeeds.
If you want me to capture it at all costs, you must make it come out.
Then I, Ikkyu,
I assure you that you capture this beast for you.
"While I am making preparations for the school play,
Miss Wakasa has inadvertently stained the tiger mural."
"After school,
we all went to her house to help her paint a new mural."
"When we had finished, while we were having dinner,
we heard loud music coming from the neighbor's apartment."
"As no one turned it off,
Genta went into the apartment next door to complain and..."
Phew.
What a break!
Eh?
Ah!
What happened, Genta?
Oh! (Laughs)
Oh!
-Oh! -Oh!
-Huh? -Aaaah!
Aaaah!
"The man who was unconscious
"was professional golfer teo Banno
and the murdered woman was his girlfriend, model Kurumi Iiyama."
"On the right cheek,
teo had the word 'I love you' written on it in red letters."
"And at his feet there are found some photographs.
"In which a woman's hand appears
writing the words to his face."
"In theo he swears and perjures himself
that the woman with the white hands has died Kurumi, but..."
Do you feel that smell?
What is it?
What is it?
Wow, but it's coming from Genta's hand!
What's that?
Hey, I don't wear makeup.
What t'empatolles, you?
Just as I suspected.
I already told you that I do not use makeup.
What?
The culprit?
Not you, I meant the culprit.
Conan, you mean you've already discovered the girl's murderer?
The person who murdered Miss Kurumi, the model, is...
professional golfer Teo Banno,
just as I imagined from the beginning.
What a ?
"A new day begins with a splendid sunshine."
"It's the hour of love and mysteries."
"The man who looked like the victim is the culprit?"
"We will discover the secrets of a montage that seems real."
"The truth always comes out in the end."
"He looks like a child, but he has the brain of an adult and he's Detective Conan!"
WAKE UP !!!
Me wo samashite.
Kizukareru mae ni tobidashite Ikou.
Itsumo urusai hito
nemutchaeba moves jamamono wa INAI.
Mondas darake no machi de Knock Out!
Uchikowasu tameiki to souon.
Yuku hito no kage yatsu wo Rock On!
Susumu ude no Tokei wa.
Kauntodaun...
Kowase Bad Day!
Everything OK!
Hashiridase kimi no tiene wo totte!
Zutter Futari de Kono machi ni moves goodbye...
Asu and Go Now.
Everything OK!
Mayou made yukeru Tokoro e.
Sakebu kokoro from "Y just wanna get the truth !!"
Donna kotoba mo mueve iranai.
Koko ni kotae wa nai, tsukisusumu On My Way.
Kowase Bad Day!
Everything OK !!!
Mayou made yukeru Tokoro e.
Sakebu kokoro de... And I just wanna get the truth !!"
(Go, go, go, go, go!) Get the truth.
(Go, go, go, go, go!) Get the truth.

"The woman with the white hands. Part two."
B-but..., he himself has said it before:
in the photos that have appeared next to her...
you can clearly see that she has her right hand under her head.
No one in this position
can write on his cheek with such legible handwriting.
The truth is that you are right.
I still don't know how he did it.
I'm sorry, guys.
I feel terrible about everything that's happened.
Don't suffer, it's not your fault.
Eh?
(thinks) "What's this little piece of paper?"
"A supermarket ticket?"
I know, but if I hadn't...
"It's from this morning."
Yes?
By the way, Miss Wakasa.
You were a little late for class this morning.
How's that?
Yes, you're right.
It turns out that I was about to leave the house to go to school
and I realized I had an empty refrigerator,
so I had to run to the supermarket.
If I go shopping on my way out of school,
I can't find practically anything anymore.
Aaah... I get it.
By the way, don't explain it to the other teachers, okay?
Yes, understood.
- (Mitsuhiko) Yes, of course.
-Promise you won't tell them?
(Genta) Don't suffer.

- (door, open)
- (Takagi) Inspector Megure.
(Takagi) What?
Ah.
Any news, Takagi?
The mystery woman is real.
Everyone has confirmed that she was wearing a wide-brimmed hat and sunglasses.
Understood.

I have spoken to some neighbors who have seen her hanging around the building
and the elevator security camera
has recorded her going up and down several times at different times.
The problem is that the hat covers her face.
I thought so.
We found the murder weapon.
We found the murder weapon. What?
It's a number 5 golf club from the bag at teo Banno's.
A 5-iron golf club?
Also, in the bag of the victim, Miss Iiyama,
we found the camera
with which the photographs were most likely taken
and the red felt-tip pen used to write "I love you".
Unfortunately, none of these objects...
are the fingerprints of the culprit.
What a pity.
And what do you think?
Do you think it was the work of a fanatical fan?
as Banno claims?
For now, we will have to work with this hypothesis.
Go to the sports agency that Mr. Banno represents...
and ask if they keep the fan letters.
With a bit of luck we'll find the handwriting
that matches the one on her cheek.
Yes.
It seems that in Megure and Takagi they insist on continuing to look for
the mystery woman we saw earlier in the hallway.
Yes.
But you are convinced that the culprit is the golfer, aren't you, Conan?
Yes.
I realized it as soon as I saw him.
There are two things that made me suspicious.
Huh?
Tw-two things?
(Think: Shinichi's voice) "The only thing I still don't know
Is how it could have been written on the cheek."
What are you doing, Ai?
Use the screen of the mirror cell phone
to find out if a word can be written on the cheek.
There are apps that reverse the mirror image.
I downloaded one to see if it's possible to do it that way,
but I can't seem to get it right.
What's the problem?
What you have drawn on your cheek is a squiggle.
A squiggle?
Oh!
Oh, my God!
It's a permanent marker.
About that, Conan...
We're going too far, aren't we?
Poor Ay, I feel sorry for her.
(laughs) But you've seen it?
(laughs) Wow.
See, Genta's fallen asleep.
Eh? (Laughs)
No!
Genta, please get up.
You fell asleep on the tiger mural.
I'm sorry.
What's so funny, huh?
You look like you've dressed up as a tiger.
You've softened the paint on the mural with your sweat.
and the drawing has been marked on your cheek.
Oh, man.
Don't worry.
It's not much, this will be fixed in a moment.
I'm sorry.
Ecs, it's stuck to my cheek.
Don't touch it, you feel?
Wait, I'll clean it.
Thank you. Thank you.
Oh, oh, oh, oh.
And the scribble you have on your cheek, won't you erase it?
(Ai) I wrote it with a permanent marker by accident.
"(Ai) Now I understand. It was much simpler than it looked."
(Ai) Are you sure?
You haven't found any letters written in the same handwriting?
Have you checked all the fan letters?
(Takagi) "Yes. There must be about 50 in total."
(Takagi) "Only? I thought there would be more."
Yes, it turns out that the athlete agency...
that Mr. Banno represents
only keeps the letters sent to him this month.
Of course.
The others have been destroyed.
Keep looking, even if you have to search everything.
We must find the woman who died, Kurumi Iiyama,
Mr. Banno's girlfriend,
and wrote the phrase "I love you" on her cheek with a red marker.
The woman with the white hands.
"I will."
Hm?
About that, inspector...
Look, I've already explained everything I know.
I suppose you'll give me permission to leave now, won't you?
The media must have known what happened,
because they've started gathering around the building.
Also, I would like to stop by the agency?
to work out the details of the upcoming tour.
Wow...
You just had your girlfriend killed
and you're already thinking of going on a trip abroad?
What the teacher said before was true.
I invited Kurumi home for dinner this morning to drop her off.
I didn't expect her to be killed, of course,
but, as I no longer felt anything for her,
I admit that I'm not very affected.
Anyway, the person who killed her?
is the woman with the wide hat and sunglasses.
I suppose that the white hand in this photograph belongs to this woman.
They will never find her.
I just hope they find her soon.
Eh?
E-ei, Conan.

How do you know we won't find it?
Why do you say this?
So that the woman with the white hands is Mr. Theo Banno.
What?
How dare you...
What?
We didn't understand each other, Miss Wakasa.
I told you to wait at home with the children until the aviséssim.
Yes, I know, but the children say...
they've discovered something important about the case.
Mm-hm.
In Genta's hand.
Something important?
Hey.
Huh?
Huh? (sniffs)
Smell this hand, inspector.
Don't you think it smells good?
You're right, it smells like makeup.
That's right, it does.
It's the smell of the foundation that women put on.
The foundation, you say?
And why does your hand smell like makeup?
As we have already explained, we have entered this house...
because we heard the music playing loudly and no one turned it off.
"Before entering, in Genta has knocked on the door several times."
And "How come there were traces of makeup on the door?", he must think.
"Because the woman we have seen has also punched the door."
Miss, can you tell us if women usually put makeup on their hands?
No, it is not a common practice.
Then it could be that the mystery woman...
we saw earlier in the hallway was a dark-haired man
who had put on makeup to whiten his skin
and passed himself off as a woman, right?
Yes, it could be...
And why are you so sure, that it was me who disguised himself as a woman?
Just because I have brown skin?
Because when we met for the first time
he did two things that caught my attention.
Eh?
What?
Wow.
Two things?
What do you mean?
Look, he's still got something stuck to his face.
Me?
O-on?
What do I have, on my face?
Can you see it?
Normally, when someone is told they have something on their face,
they automatically make a hand gesture to try to touch it.
Yes.
Genta has done that too.
Right away you want to know what you've smeared it with
and what color your face is painted.
You, on the other hand, have not made the gesture of touching your cheek.
In case you didn't know, you have something on your right cheek.
Something?
What kind of thing?
I did not want to erase the word I had written, of course.
Here it is.
I already knew that he had a word written on his right cheek
that would later serve to prove his innocence.
N-not true.
I had no idea,
it's just that I had a hunch.
When I saw Kurumi lying on the ground, all bloody,
I imagined that that thing on my cheek could be some kind of evidence.
Then... Could you tell us what this is?
What is it?
The symbol for "want".
What does it have to do with anything?
What has it got to do with all this?
You didn't recognize it?
At a promotional event,
Miss Kurumi Iiyama signed an autograph for a fan.
and he posted a picture on the internet.
What we have done was to enlarge the "esteem" symbol, which he wrote.
When I put the screen of the cell phone in front of his face
to show him the message he had on his cheek, he said it right away.
He said that the message was not written by the victim.
But, in fact, he doesn't recognize her handwriting.
Look.
Some red letters.
Oh!
"I love you"?
Who did that?
Did you have it written to the dead woman?
No, and now!
It's not Kurumi's handwriting.
Eh... O-oh... o-oh.
It's Kurumi's handwriting.
Now that you say it, it did ring a bell.
However, this proves what I've already told you:
that the Kurumi's handwriting doesn't match the handwriting
with the word that woman wrote on my cheek.
You don't need to be an expert to realize that it was not my girlfriend,
who wrote on my face.
Yes, you can see it at first glance.
Does it seem so obvious to you?
Well then...
Can you tell us which is your girlfriend's handwriting?
What you saw
was the inverted reflection of the word on the cell phone screen,
and you immediately assured us that it was not Kurumi's handwriting.
Ah, no, it's just that...
But now we have shown you her inverted handwriting
and he couldn't identify it.
It was a simple intuition.
At that moment, instinct told me it wasn't her handwriting.
Yes.
Inspector, let me have the photo.
Anyway..,

the definitive proof is the photograph taken by the murderer.
Can't you see it?
I have my right hand under my head,
so the white woman's hand in front of me can't be mine.
Besides, it is impossible to write such a clear word on your face.
You think you're so smart,
let's see if you can explain to me how I took this picture, if I'm the guilty one.
-Eh?
- (Genta) Hey, Mitsuhiko.
-Yes, Mitsuhiko.
-Ready to start?
We can stretch out on the floor just like Conan told us to.
Hey.
What's he doing, you two?
Watch.
If we frame the scene like this,
en Mitsuhiko's left hand looks like en Genta's right hand, right?
Yes, you're absolutely right.
As the fingers are hidden under the head,
the girl's left hand can be easily mistaken
with Mr. Banno's right hand.
It can't be, this.
The skin tone and shirt sleeves are different.
This is easy to solve.
Simply darken the skin of the victim's left hand
with a darker shade of foundation.
As for the clothing,
you may have cut off the sleeve of another T-shirt,
as long as it is also white, to put it on her left wrist.
What about the letters?
Now will you say it was me too?
No, she didn't write them.
That I wrote them on my face?
He stamped them on her cheek.
Like someone who stamps a stamp.
Eh?
First, you wrote the word "I love you"...
on a sheet of clear plastic with permanent marker.
Then, he turned the plastic over...
and went through the inverted characters one by one...
with a normal felt-tip pen.
He beat his girlfriend to death.
Next, he took a first picture of himself with a clean face...
and then pressed the plastic against his cheek...
with the inverted word written on it in felt-tip pen.
Can you see it?
That's how he made us believe that the word had been written on his cheek.
Very interesting.
She bleached her hand by smearing it with a light-colored make-up base,
painted her nails, put on her rubber...
and took the marker with her white hand.
This is how she took the second photo called.
Is this what happened, then?
You had already planned to kill Miss Kurumi.
"Today you went around the building disguised as a woman.
"To make your neighbors believe
that you were being stalked by a mysterious admirer obsessed with you."
"When the Kurumi arrived at the time they had arranged,
"He died by beating her to death with a golf club
and took the photos using the trick you described in Conan."
"Then, he has turned on the music at full blast so that his neighbor,
Miss Wakasa, came and found the body."
He showed us the photographs
and led us to believe that there was a third person involved in the case.
Therefore, the theory that I put forward at the outset....
about the imaginary girlfriend
has been proven correct from the beginning.
You're the best, Ai.
"If you didn't have this squiggle on your cheek..."
But-but you have no evidence.
If I'm not mistaken, the evidence must be inside this bag...
that he's trying to get out of his house.
I'm guessing he's carrying the clear plastic,
the makeup, the pink rubber band...
and the piece of sleeve she's put on Kurumi's wrist.
If anyone had seen you trying to get rid of the evidence,
they would have suspected you right away, wouldn't they?
Mr.
Banno, would you mind opening the bag so I can take a look?
It was Kurumi's fault.
I wanted to start from scratch
and go on tour without her so I could take on new challenges.
And she told me that if I left her, she would demand 100 million yen from me.
But even if we hadn't found out,
her tour would have been a failure.
What are you saying?
When he decided to murder her with a golf club,
he has forever lost the protection and support of the god of golf.
How can you talk like that?
Out of the way.
Watch out, watch out!
Hold it right there.
Oh, shit.
Miss Wakasa.
-Are you all right, Miss?
-Oh, what a pain!
Yes.
She gave me a good shove and knocked me off balance.
Oh?
Do you know if it's true
that there's been a murder in the apartment of golfer Teo Banno?
-Have they found the culprit yet?
-Who was the victim?

Please be patient.
The police will give you all the details later.
What?
The culprit was this boy.
In teo Banno?
And you stopped him when he was trying to flee?
No, and now!
He just gave me a shove and knocked me to the ground.
Could you tell me his name?
Stop it!
Hey, you!
No, not me...
She's the assistant teacher of first B at Teitan school.
-Ah...
-Miss Rumi Wakasa.
Oooh...
There's nothing to do anymore.
Wow, I don't know if she's clumsy or very lucky.
("Kamikaze express", Takuto)

Aa Kasumi no naka
nobashita ude ga sukoshi furuete iru.
Aa Fuan to kouyoukan Isshin Kuta ni shite
nami wa yurameite ita.
Mirai wa sueldo Fuu wo kiru mae no mae,
dekiagatte sae INAI genzairyou.
Madamada agakeru koko kara kakerun datte
Kimi no kimi no hitokoe de Subete hajimaru.
Ichi ni no no san de Aizu shite me wa tojite ite kamawanai
netsu wo obiru yume.
Arayuru yami wo keshisaru you na kamikaze express
Toutou hasshin desu!
Niega datte Mirai datte Bokura wa mushiro estima na hou ga ii.
Tobikata mo Nanto Naku de ii.
Kitto Kitto socchi no hou ga nagaku toberu ya!
(Gralla)
An assistant elementary school teacher...
Rumi... Wakasa.
Wow.
You have to admit... she's witty.
(Raven: cricket)
A cake, now?
I don't feel like it at this time of the morning.
How nice!
If we stand idly by,
we won't be able to taste Toru's cake again.
It would be a disaster.
We must find the culprit.
Okay, you guys.
"Don't miss the next episode: 'Cakes fall apart'."

