Don't tease me!
Why do you represent that I have to ask for forgiveness at this point?
Don't play the clueless, you know perfectly well what I mean!
I was just doing my job, me.
Look who's talking, as if you were a little angel!
You're so full of yourself!
-Right now!
-Say it again!
I... I'm sorry to interrupt, gentlemen,
but we'd appreciate it if you'd lower your voices a bit.
Mr. Hashizume, Mr. Kagazume...
-I am in Hashizume!
-I am in Kagazume!
I'm sorry...
They're at each other's throats again, this pair...
For God's sake!
I've had enough!
They've been fighting like cats and dogs for a year now.
There's no way to work in peace like this.
Don't they realize that they're bothering us?
They were on the verge of provoking a murder.
It seems incredible that they haven't learned their lesson.
"When the countdown reaches zero,
deduction is the only answer."
"Two men who look a lot alike but don't get along at all."
"This case is a very complicated mystery!"
"The truth always comes out in the end."
"He looks like a child, but he has the brain of an adult and he's Detective Conan!"
Honno suubyou de fukitobu mira.
Soshite semarareta niritsu no se wo Osu aa....
Karamitsuita Kono Kood wo kiru Kurai de
Konno namakura ga omotai
furuete shimau shimatsu da.
Kagen shirazu no sujigaki de
saishuukai Temae.
Ima byouyomi no owari ga temaneku.
Kimi no INAI Mirai nante erabitaku mo nai yo.
Ichibyou saki no boku yo kotae wo dashite.

Kagen shirazu no sujigaki de
saishuukai Temae.
Ima byouyomi no owari ga temaneku.
Kimi no INAI Mirai nante erabitaku mo nai yo.
Ichibyou saki no boku yo kotae wo dashite!

"Similarities that kill."
Why?
I find them curious, these men.
It's obvious at first glance that they don't look alike at all,
but they look like two peas in a pod.
Heavy!
Even their names are similar.
Mr. Hashizume and Mr. Kagazume.
"Zumeria" and "Zumeria".
They must not be amused.
People who look so much alike either like each other or hate each other,
there's no middle ground.
This is the last time, and I won't regret it!
Leave me alone, hypocrite!
Eh?
Excuse me.
This glass is your friend's, isn't it?
You've made a mistake.
Thank you very much, sir.
Yes... I'll get it back to you in a little while.
Eh? (Kogoro) Oh, boy!
(Kogoro) Oh, boy!
So you were talking about this case!
Yes.
It's been a year now.
It turns out that the president of a large company died of illness
and his will disappeared.
I remember.
His relatives accused each other of stealing it.
All the magazines of the heart were full of it.
It was those two.
They are two journalists from Nichiuri Sports who publish scandals.
They were even interviewed on TV.
And yet they added fuel to the fire.
With their articles,
they uncovered scandals about the feuding family members
and fueled the conflict until, in the end,
one of the family members tried to kill the other.
It seems to me that they received a lot of criticism
and the magazine's sales plummeted.
And, apparently, they are still dragging the consequences.
"And all of it...
had the worst possible outcome."
(Takagi) We have identified the victim.
Hiroshi Kagazume, 38 years old.
Journalist for Nichiuri Sports magazine.
The coroner has placed the time of death
between 7:00 and 9:00 tonight.
Cause of death?
We have to wait for the autopsy to confirm it,
but, from the appearance of the victim's body,
we believe he was poisoned with cyanide.
And, most likely, the poison was dissolved in the coffee in the glass.
Is it a suicide?
At first glance we thought it was, but...
Are those fingerprints?
Yes.
They are not the victim's, and they are relatively recent.
Therefore, it's possible that at the crime scene...
there was another person at the time this man died.
How do you feel about your partner's death?
Please respond.
Please answer.
Akira Hashizume.
You also work as a journalist
at Nichiuri Sports magazine,
just like the late Hiroshi Kagazume.
Yes.
But I'm still waiting for you to explain why I'm under arrest, Inspector.
No, you are not under arrest.
We just want to talk to you
as an important witness for the investigation,
for the time being.
Kagazume and I were like cat and dog.

We were fighting every other day, it was hell.
You've caught up with him by now, haven't you, my co-workers and interns?
So, you could say I had a good reason to kill him.
But now you'll tell me you didn't, if I'm not mistaken.
Of course you didn't!
Then how do you explain...
that his fingerprints were found on
the glass at the crime scene?
The thermal glass at Kagazume was identical to the one I use.
Perhaps at some point I inadvertently touched it.
Ah.
Unintentionally, huh?
That would be it.
Of course it would.
We'll have to check, that.
(Kogoro) Hey, kid.
You're sure, aren't you, that Mr. Hashizume made a mistake...
and took the glass that wasn't his?
Yes, but...
Is there something else, Conan?
I guess it's just my imagination,
but it had all the effect on me
that Mr. Hashizume expressly took the glass from his companion.
-What?
Wait, are you serious?
-What?
Then, if he deliberately neglected his thermal cup,
which contained the poisoned coffee,
and Mr. Kagazume drank it without suspecting anything at all...
Yes, it's a clear-cut murder.
What?
But then...
When I told Mr. Hashizume,
Mr. Kagazume heard me.
He knew for a fact that the glass he had taken wasn't his.
It's strange, isn't it?
And yet...
I should re-interrogate Mr. Hashizume
about the question of the glass.
It's just that Mr. Hashizume...
Yes.
What?!
That he has an alibi?
If I understand correctly,
he was killed last night between 7 and 9 o'clock.
At that time...
(Takagi) "He was watching a famous actress who was cheating on her husband."
(Takagi) -Yes.
(Takagi) -Do you have evidence to prove it?
"He remembered the name of the courier company
"That stopped in front of the building just at that time,
and was able to describe in detail what the delivery man looked like."
We have confirmed his alibi with the courier company.
Therefore, it is impossible that in Hashizume it was in two places at the same time.
(Male) Mr. Mouri, I'm carrying a package!
Good morning, I'm bringing you a package.
Come in!
I came at the time you requested.
Thank you!
"Could it be that...?"
This is it.
Mr. Hashizume says he spent the whole night standing guard
in front of this block of apartments,
from 6 p.m. to 7 a.m. this morning.
Hey, Conan, Mr. Mouri wants us to investigate this place?
Eh?
What's this?
Hey, look.
I'd say those are the leg marks from a tripod.
(cell phone ringing)
Tell me?
Yes, what I asked you before...
You're serious?!
Mr. Mouri was right, right?
Yes, the courier that Mr. Hashizume saw arriving...
had the scheduled delivery time.
Also, the addressee did not exist and the sender's name was made up.
Could it be that he had sent it in Hashizume?
Yes.
I'd say he did it that way.
"He left a video camera set up on a tripod."
"In the meantime, he went to the crime scene."
"He then reviewed the footage he had recorded
so that he could describe the messenger."
Therefore, there is no doubt that it was a premeditated murder.
We have found the evidence to prove it
in a place where we didn't expect to find it at all.
On the USB stick that was plugged into the victim's laptop.
in the victim's laptop.
What a ?!
In here, Mr. Hashizume, the victim had recorded a plan...
My God!
...to murder you.
(Takagi) Both the method and the alibi that he devised
(Takagi) Both the method and the alibi he devised match those you've used.
(Chiba) The plan is as follows:
"Dilute the poison in the glass exchanged in advance,
return it to the victim and exchange them l'hi for me.
Then make peace with him,
celebrate with a toast and send him to hell".
Later,
"He stated that at Hashizume
he was distressed by a crisis of inspiration, hinting at suicide...
and, finally, dedicate an obituary to him....
lamenting the loss of a rival and at the same time great friend".
Wow, that's a good one.
Either he was a very detailed criminal, or he was presumptuous.
Indeed he was.

"There's something wrong - what could it be?"
You mistakenly took
or stole Mr. Kagazume's USB memory stick
and examined the files it contained.
You found the assassination plan
that he had drawn up to get rid of you
and decided to murder you in the same way.
No, he didn't.
He made it look like he had the wrong glass and took the victim's glass,
Mr. Kagazume.
-Bullshit!
-Then he diluted the cyanide and...
He met with Mr. Kagazume with the excuse of returning the thermal glass to him
and exchanged it for his,
made him believe that he wanted to make peace and they drank.
No, no!
That's bullshit!
Mm?
(Door: knock)
What the...?
(knock on door) Impossible!
(doorbell rings) What?
Y... Inspector!
"And now! It can't be..."
This other murder plan
has appeared on the USB memory stick of the laptop computer
seized from the suspect, Mr. Hashizume.
His target was the victim, Mr. Kagazume.
And now!
It appears that the two murder plans...
were drawn up at almost the same time,
and there is no indication that anyone had unlocked
and read any of the documents.
Yes.
So, this means...
Hard as it is to believe,
the two of them had worked out an almost identical plan
in order to kill the other.
What a ?
Gee, I didn't think they looked alike to that extent!
Anyway...
Yes, it's true.
I admit that I designed
and draft this plan with the intention of killing him,
and I tried.
I fabricated an alibi, I'm going to poison the coffee in the thermal cup,
I called in Kagazume and met with him.
It is quite true.
But...
when I arrived,
"... I found him dead."
What?!
-You say he was already dead when you arrived? -You say he was already dead when you arrived?
-It doesn't make any sense!
It's an excuse he made up as he went along!
It looks like it.
But I swear to you it's the truth.
"I saw he was in danger and I ran away."
"I'll wash the glass and throw it away."
(Takagi) Do you think we're idiots, or what?
(Chiba) Who killed him, if not you?
(Takagi) "And those two?"
Does Mr. Mouri suspect them?
He didn't tell me he finds them suspicious.
Today, he just wants to know if they have an alibi or not.
We're investigating them just in case,
and the truth is they have no clear alibis.
Mr. Hosoda says he was alone documenting,
and Miss Kuwana was alone in the newsroom,
so there's no one who can confirm it.
Oh, I get it.
By the way, Mr. Mouri still wants to ask you for another favor.
That we reanalyze the crime scene?
Don't you know what exactly Mr. Mouri is looking for?
Will you show me the crime scene photos?
Eh?
Yes, I have them here.
What's this?
Ah, a coffee stain.
When the glass hit the floor,
the coffee in it spilled and must have splashed on his sock.
We sent it to the lab and they also found cyanide,
so we're sure.
So, he should have stained his pants too.
Wouldn't he?
If he was wearing long pants, why was only his sock stained?
Yes, now that you mention it... it is strange, yes.
And how did he get here, Mr. Kagazume?
Did he come on foot?
He came by car.
He parked upstairs on the street and came down on foot.
Did you search the inside of the car?
Yes, of course, but we didn't find anything strange...
that caught our attention.
Well, I should do it again.
"Chiba, it's Mouri."
(Kogoro voice) I want to ask you to look into something.
Will you do me that favor?
Mm?
Are you serious, Mouri?
Is it true that you've found out the truth about this crime?
Have I?
But I came here because you told me that you had found a clue...
Aaaaah...
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah...
Hey!
Kogoro!
Do you need me to help you?
(Kogoro voice) Don't be afraid, Conan.
Get out of the way.
All right!
Dismissed, gentlemen.
Now I'll tell you what I've found out about the case.
Let's start with Takagi:
could you explain to us what you found in Mr. Kagazume's car?
I did?
Ah, yes.
On the driver's seat, on the floor,
we found a stain containing traces of cyanide.
It can't be!
This can only mean one thing:

it was Mr. Kagazume
who put the poison in the thermal cup inside the car.
And, while doing so, he spilled some coffee.
As he was sitting in the car seat,
his pants were rolled up a bit
and his socks were showing.
It's likely that he got stained then.
So, this means...
they tried to kill each other simultaneously?
In the end, they had both worked out the same murder plan.
Mr. Kagazume wanted to return the glass with the poisoned coffee
to his partner with the intention of killing him,
but the other one beat him to it
and it was he who ended up drinking the poison.
No.
Mr. Kagazume drank from Mr. Hashizume's glass,
what he had initially.
As Mr. Hashizume stated,
there was no exchange of glasses here.
And how the hell did you find out, this?
And now.
From the fingerprints.
He thinks the glass belonged to Mr. Hashizume...
No wonder we could find his fingerprints..,
mixed with the victim's.
Sure, but I wasn't referring to the fingerprints of these two.
-What?!
-I was referring to Conan's.
It's just... I accidentally touched the thermos glass yesterday.
"With the tip of my finger."
I don't know if I ever left a fingerprint,
but it could be evidence.
So, what?
I still don't understand where you're going with this.
My point is that Mr. Kagazume drank from his own cup.
The coffee he himself had poisoned.
I-and now!
But why?
What... what are you saying?
You mean...?
The reason I have it... here.
What?!
Mr. Mouri had us analyze
another USB memory stick of Mr. Kagazume.
It's the truth of what happened a year ago,
the truth that has never come out.
This document tells of the death of a company president and the mysterious disappearance of a test tube.
and the mysterious disappearance of a will
that pitted the deceased's relatives against each other.
It turns out that Mr. Hashizume and Mr. Kagazume agreed to sneak into the office of the deceased.
to sneak into the lawyer's office and steal it.
This is their written confession.
No way!
They then went on to write articles mocking the theft of the will.
about the the theft of the will
that fueled the indignation and hatred of the relatives.
They went so far,
that one of the relatives tried to kill another.
Then they destroyed the will and never spoke again.
Until Mr. Kagazume,
tormented by pangs of conscience,
proposed to his companion to confess the truth.
But...
(Kogoro voice) Mr. Hashizume refused.
The discussion we overheard yesterday in that restaurant was part of this conversation.
was part of this conversation.
Mr. Hashizume, who feared that the facts would eventually become public,
came up with a plan to assassinate Mr. Kagazume.
Unaware, of course, that his partner had a plan of his own,
almost identical, to kill him.
Mr. Hashizume and Mr. Kagazume
had been working together for so many years and were so alike,
that they came up with an identical plan
to satisfy their desire to kill each other.
But there was a difference.
Yes.
Mr. Kagazume had made a small last-minute change.
It's the last time, and I won't regret it!
Leave me alone, you hypocrite!
"Mr. Kagazume realized...
"That Mr. Hashizume had deliberately mistaken the wrong vessel
"And he began to suspect
that his rival had come up with the same plan as him."
(Chiba) "On Mr. Kagazume's USB memory stick there was data
that had been erased and that we were able to recover."
According to the initial plan, as soon as the police had determined
that Mr. Hashizume's death had been a suicide,
Mr. Kagazume would also have committed suicide.
God in heaven!
What a ?
But Mr. Kagazume changed his plans
with the intention of letting his companion live and suffer,
who showed no signs of repentance.
-Yes.
-And there is one more thing.
According to his doctor,
Mr. Kagazume had a terminal illness.
What a thing!
After sentencing himself,
he committed suicide to frame Mr. Hashizume.

With the intention, perhaps, that he would also end up committing suicide.
Considering that they were so much alike....
He had stepped in where he wasn't wanted.
We had found a brutal exclusive!
We did everything we could
to show the darkest and ugliest side of people.
Our report showed and clarified a lot of things!
What they should do is thank me!
What nonsense!
And you call yourself a journalist?
What did you get, with that article?
Money?
Fame and prestige?
You know perfectly well that you didn't.
Do you really believe that someone felt happier
after reading the article?
I wish Mr. Kagazume
could also have been given a fair trial and served his sentence.
and served his sentence.
"That same day, Mr. Hashizume was arrested.
"For the attempted murder of Mr. Kagazume
"And for the theft of the will,
a crime he had committed a year earlier."
("Kamikaze express", Takuto)

Aa Kasumi no naka
nobashita ude ga sukoshi furuete iru.
Aa Fuan to kouyoukan Isshin Kuta ni shite
nami wa yurameite ita.
Mirai wa sueldo Fuu wo kiru mae no mae,
dekiagatte sae INAI genzairyou.
Madamada agakeru koko kara kakerun datte
Kimi no kimi no hitokoe de Subete hajimaru.
Ichi ni no no san de Aizu shite me wa tojite ite kamawanai
netsu wo obiru yume.
Arayuru yami wo keshisaru you na kamikaze express
Toutou hasshin desu!
Niega datte Mirai datte Bokura wa mushiro estima na hou ga ii.
Tobikata mo Nanto Naku de ii.
Kitto Kitto socchi no hou ga nagaku toberu ya!
Father, it's me.
You must be tired.
What would you like for dinner?
Western food or Japanese?
I don't know, it depends on what there is to drink.
What will there be, after the beer?
Wine, chilled sake or schnapps?
All this is alcohol.
Wait, you'll give me whiskey?
What's that?
What nonsense!
There is no difference, is there?
Wine is wine and sake is sake,
they have very different personalities and tastes.
As for schnapps, ha-ha-ha !, it's a separate species.
"I'm a child, I don't understand."
Yes.
They're both dead, if I'm not mistaken.
It was my fault.
I noticed that his sweater is a rather expensive brand.
If it was true that he had money problems,
he wouldn't have spent it on clothes.
I would like to tell you
the real circumstances surrounding this double crime.
Don't miss the next episode: "The truth about the double crime".

