(Genta) Has.
(Ball: falls, noise)
Man...
It seems unbelievable!
Do you want to do me a favor to shoot at goal, to be?
- (gasps)
(gasps) - Excuse me.
I'm going to get it.
-I can't take it anymore.
-Are you all right?
Are you all right?
Well, there doesn't seem to be anyone.
What?
My goodness, doctor.
You're in no shape at all.
Try to recover right away,
when you get back to Genta we'll continue playing soccer.
Don't you think he's taking longer than usual?
He just went to get the ball.
It's in Genta.
You wouldn't find water in the sea.
(Genta) Aaah!
-It sounded like Genta's voice.
-Did you feel this?
Genta, are you okay?
What happened?
L-Look...
Oh!
But it's...!
I-I think it's... W-wait a minute.
Ah, you were here!
-Wait, Conan.
-Are you all right?
What a break, we were already suffering.
Doctor, send for an ambulance, hurry.
What?!
In this house there's a wounded man.
What are you saying?
I don't think there's anybody here.
I've been ringing the intercom for a while, too, and they didn't open.
Then we'll have to break the window glass.
What do you want?
What's all the fuss?
What's all the fuss?
Where do you think you're going, you?
Who gave you permission to...?
What is it?
What's the matter?
Doctor, don't call an ambulance.
Call the police.
Y-you mean...?
Yes.
They're both dead,... if I'm not mistaken.
B-both of them?
"When the countdown reaches zero,
deduction is the only answer."
"What happened to them, the two men who died in a luxurious house?"
"The truth always comes out in the end."
"He looks like a child, but he has the brain of an adult and he's Detective Conan!"
Honno suubyou de fukitobu mira.
Soshite semarareta niritsu no se wo Osu aa....
Karamitsuita Kono Kood wo kiru Kurai de
Konno namakura ga omotai
furuete shimau shimatsu da.
Kagen shirazu no sujigaki de
saishuukai Temae.
Ima byouyomi no owari ga temaneku.
Kimi no INAI Mirai nante erabitaku mo nai yo.
Ichibyou saki no boku yo kotae wo dashite.

Kagen shirazu no sujigaki de
saishuukai Temae.
Ima byouyomi no owari ga temaneku.
Kimi no INAI Mirai nante erabitaku mo nai yo.
Ichibyou saki no boku yo kotae wo dashite!

"The truth about the double crime"
(Takagi) We have two victims.
This man, the taller and thicker one, is Mr.
Kawai, who lived in this house.
He has been stabbed in the abdomen,
but it appears that the instrument that caused the fatal hemorrhage
is the ice pick stuck in his chest.
You can see that Mr. Kawai always kept it here in his office.
The second victim, this other, thinner man,
is Mr. Kensuke Shibata.
He has died from head trauma.
He has barely lost any blood.
He most likely fell on his back
and hit his head hard on the armrest of the sofa.
We have also checked that the blood stains on the sweater
match Mr. Kawai's blood type.
It must have been splattered when he stabbed her.
And as for the time of death, what do you think, the coroner?
He says they both died a couple of hours ago.
And it must have been a pretty good hour since they found the bodies.
Got it.
So, they're the ones who found the bodies, right?
Besides, the two victims were the president of a real estate company...
and a man who used to work for him.
From what we've been able to learn, Mr. Shibata siphoned off funds from the company,
several months ago, and the president fired him.
It was a matter of money, then.
And who is this woman?
That's Yuko, Mr. Kawai's wife.
Apparently, at the time of the crime,
she was taking a nap in the upstairs bedroom.
A nap, you say?
Well, you can see at a glance
that there has been a fight here that must have made quite a commotion.
Yes, I already asked him if he had heard anything.
It looks like he spent the whole morning taking care of his mother,
and she was so tired that she didn't hear anything.
Besides, the bedroom doesn't face the office.
Hm...
Excuse me.
First of all, allow me to join you in sympathy.
Thank you.
Do you know if your husband was expecting
that Mr. Shibata would come to see him at home today?
Yes, it was the deadline for the debt payment.
Payment of the debt?

It appears that Mr.
Shibata used all the money he had stolen to pay for the treatment of a family member
to pay for the treatment of a relative of his who was in the hospital.
My man promised him that if he returned all the money today, he would be willing to take him back at the latest,
at the latest, he'd be willing to take it back.
I understand.
That's why Mr. Shibata had come to see you, then.
Could you tell me what the approximate amount of the debt was?
Yes, I think he owed you a million yen in total.
Eh?
Hey, Conan.
You shouldn't go around the crime scene touching everything.
Oops.
I'm sorry about that.
Creatures...
Oh, man.
His foot's bandaged.
What's he done to it?
Oh, it's nothing.
I sprained my ligaments the other day.
I guess it can't be easy, having to take care of your mother,
if you're not a hundred percent yourself.
No, but the mother can't look after herself and I have no choice.
This foot thing is not so serious.
She looks very tired, this woman, doesn't she?
From the look on her face, she must not get much sleep.
Besides, her foot is sprained and she just lost her husband.
Poor woman, that's all she needed.
It's a tough job, taking care of an elderly relative.
I wish I had woken up.
If only I had realized what was going on,
my husband wouldn't be dead now.
It was my fault.
By the way, Mrs. Kawai.
Earlier, when we knocked on the door, it took you a long time to open it.
You were woken up by the sound of the intercom?
I woke up when I heard the scream of that boy,
the tallest of you all.
Yes, that one, the tallest and fattest.
The tallest boy?
Ah, you mean in Genta.
The intercom has been out of order for days now
and you can hardly feel it from inside the house;
I'm sorry.
Conan.
What did I tell you before?
(Clears throat)
Ah... (clears throat) Guys, we can't stay here.
Let's go to the street.
Are you coming with us, Conan?
Isn't it true, isn't it,
that this end Shibata uses the money he had stolen
to pay the hospital bill?
Why do you say that?
What makes you think so?
I noticed that his sweater is a rather expensive brand.
If it were true that she had money problems,
he wouldn't have spent it on clothes.
Well, it didn't seem so expensive to me, that sweater.
Well, I see that the detectives are not up to date...
of the latest fashion trends.
Excuse me.
(Takagi) This bag was found on the sofa.
There was money inside.
Mrs. Kawai says the debt was one million yen.
It seems he was willing to pay it back to her.
And that he had been able to raise the money.
So what must have been the reason for the fight between the two of them?
-Oops.
Tell me?
- (mobile: buzzing)
Ah, yes?
Yes.
Understood.
What happened?
From what the company's workers have stated,
Mr. Kawai was saying that he had no intention
to rehire Mr. Shibata once the debt was paid off.
It was a false promise to get the money back.
Right.
Then, when the other one paid him back the money,
he must have reneged on his promise to you, right?
Maybe this was the trigger.
"Mr. Shibata had an outburst."
"He grabbed the first gun he could find at once..."
And Mr. Shinzo Kawai died.
Hm.
Mrs. Kawai was telling the truth.
Kawai was telling the truth, when she said the intercom didn't work.
Yes.
Hey, we finally found you.
We didn't know where you were.
Come on, why don't we go back to the park
and finish the game we left halfway through?
All right, but this time try to shoot between the posts, Genta.
Yes, I know that.
What do you mean?
What, how do you see it?
I mean the case.
At first glance, it looks like one of the two men has been stabbed...
"And, right after that, she has given her attacker a shove."
"Thus, both have received a lethal wound...
and lost their lives."
It seems the most logical explanation, doesn't it?
But I don't see you very convinced.
Yes, I suppose so.
Go on, say.
Is there something wrong?
No, and now!
I also imagine that the thing has gone as you just summed it up.
Well then, enough with this and let the police take care of it.
-Come on, let's play.
-Conan!
(Coughs)

What's the matter, Genta?
Did you catch a cold?
No, I think I hurt my neck before, when I made that scream.
You can't imagine how you scared me.
You made a very strange voice, it didn't sound like you.
Oh, was it?
It sounded so strange to me, the voice?
The truth is yes.
We knew that the caller was you because of the direction the scream came from,
not because we recognized it.
(Thinking) "The direction from where the scream came from...
"Considering the situation, it could only be in Genta."
"Eh? Wait a minute."
Start without me, guys, I'll be right back.
What?
Where are you going now?
Dr. Agasa told me there's something you haven't told the police.
Oi, doctor?
Eh?
I don't remember that I forgot to...
Let's see...
Oh, right, so much so.
I neglected to explain to them what I ruminated on earlier.
Ha-ha-ha!
Come on, guys, we'd better get through.
They'll be along.
Hm...
What's wrong, Shinichi?
There's something you don't see clearly, isn't there?
Now it seems to me that this case, deep down,
isn't as simple as I thought it was at first.
Really?
Well, you've done me a favor.
I'd rather do that than keep artichokes on a park bench.
What an exaggeration!
Hm... It doesn't look like Mr. Shibata tripped,
and hit himself when he fell backwards,
I'd rather say that she was given a good shove
and made her fall down deliberately.
Both the office window and the front door were locked.
It is very unlikely that someone came in from the street.
Oh, by the way, have you been able to verify that the widow was telling the truth?
Yes, it is true that she has a sprained foot...
and that she spent the whole morning taking care of her mother.
I agree;
besides, even if she had woken up,
the way his foot is,
I doubt he could have given Mr. Shibata such a strong push.
Shibata.
"Yes, that's true."
"But what could it be? There's something that makes my head dance."
Hey, Shinichi.
How did you get it, this hand injury?
What's that?
Well, I really don't know.
I must have gotten it before, when I started knocking on the front door.
Eh?
Inspector, this is a button that the scientist found...
inside the plant test on this shelf.
It's from Mr. Shibata's shirt, we checked it.
We've checked it.
It must have come undone while he was fighting with the president,
and it flew out and landed inside the flowerpot.
(Ai) "I noticed that his sweater is a rather expensive brand."
That boy, the tallest of you all.
What are you doing here again?
What are you doing here again?
Oh, sorry, I was looking for something I dropped.
But I don't think it's here.
Au, Conan.
Don't disturb these gentlemen, come on.
Dr. Agasa, I hope you understand...
that this is not a schoolyard, eh?
He-he-he-he!
You're right, I'm very sorry.
You can't always do what you want.
I can't help it.
Anyway, it was such a daring maneuver...
that I almost overlooked it.
I finally figured it all out.
What do you mean?
I've lifted the veil that was hiding the truth about the murders.
It's taking too long.
(Takagi) Inspector.
This case looks like a double murder that has occurred
as a result of a dispute related to an economic issue.
I agree, it's the only possible conclusion.
Mrs. Kawai,
we'd like to know more about the relationship between the two victims.
Yes.
Could you accompany us to the police station?
Dr. Agasa.
What's the matter?
We haven't finished yet.
I'd like to explain the true circumstances
surrounding this double crime.
As you can see, the case is solved, we have analyzed all the evidence...
and we have drawn the only possible conclusion.
So, by now you will have deduced
that Mr. Shibata couldn't have murdered Mr. Kawai, right?
How could he not have killed him?
What are you implying?
Considering the stature of both of them, it's more than obvious, Inspector.
How tall?
Mr. Kawai was 6'5" and Mr. Shibata was 5'6".
It's true that there was a noticeable difference in height, but...
Yes, Mr. Shibata, who was rather short,

I would have wanted to give an ice pick to Mr. Kawai's chest,
who was much taller than him, with the intention of killing him,
he would have wielded the ice pick with the tip down, right?
And the blood would have been around his little finger, not his thumb.
What's he talking about now?
And it's not the only one that catches your eye.
Of the button on Mr. Shibata's shirt that popped off.
"He explained this to me in Conan."
"You can see that, when he lifted up his sweater,
and noticed that he had lost the third button on his shirt."
Even if they had a fight and the button had come undone,
if Mr. Shibata was wearing the sweater,
there's no way it could have shot off
and landed inside the flowerpot.
I-I hadn't fallen.
And there's one more strange thing.
Mrs. Kawai...
You were here in the office before we arrived, weren't you?
No, I told you I was in the bedroom upstairs.
Then how did you know it was Genta who called?
There are no windows looking out onto the garden upstairs.
And it was impossible for me to know which of the children had called just by the voice.
"But you knew."
This can only mean that, when he heard the cry,
he saw Genta from the window of the office
and so you knew it was him;
I'm not mistaken, am I?
I-It's that I'm not...
The ice pick and the blood on the hand,
Mr. Shibata's button that popped off...
and the fact that, at the time of the crime, the house was locked.
All these clues clearly point to the fact
that the real murderer of Mr. Kawai was at home
at the time the crime was committed.
Mrs. Kawai, it could only be you, right?
-But I don't understand.
-What?
How did you do it, to stab him?
Mrs. Kawai is not very tall either
and, besides, she has a bandaged foot.
If Mr. Shibata had already stabbed Mr. Kawai
and he was sitting in the chair.
If he was already injured, she would have been able to stab him in the chest with the ice pick,
even if his foot hurt.
This doesn't make any sense.
Why couldn't it have been Shibata who stabbed my man again while he was sitting in the chair?
while he was sitting in the chair?
In this case, it wouldn't make sense how Mr. Shibata...
lost his balance and fell.
"If Mr. Kawai was injured in the chair," he said,
"He would not have had enough strength to push his opponent..."
and make him fall backwards.
It seems logical to think that, by the time Mrs. Kawai entered,
Mr. Shibata was already dead.
I don't know what conversation she then had with her husband,
but she decided to kill him.
She took the ice pick and finished off her husband,
who was already wounded.
It is true, isn't it?
This is what you think happened.
I knew that the boy who had called was that Genta guy
because I heard them explaining their version when they arrived.
Don't call me a murderer, you don't have any proof against me.
-The button?
-And what about the button?
A simple button doesn't prove anything at all.
When I entered the office I found it on the floor,
I picked it up and put it in the test.
No, the button flew off while they were fighting...
and it went into the test,
but you were so nervous that you didn't even notice
that Shibata's shirt was missing one.
What do you mean, I didn't notice?
What are you insinuating now?
What do you mean?
Just a moment, doctor.
If the button came undone during the fight,
how could it have shot out from under Mr. Shibata's sweater?
It's very easy to understand.
Mr. Shibata wasn't wearing a sweater.
Oh!
Mrs. Kawai.
The sweater Mr. Shibata was wearing is his, isn't it?
And now!
But how do you understand this?
It's very simple.
"After your husband died,
she was worried because her sweater was splattered with blood."
"And you noticed that Mr. Shibata, who was lying dead next to you,
was the same height as you."
"So you put the sweater he was wearing on him
to pass him off as the killer."
Luckily, it was of a color that men also matched.

I had hoped that,
if he made it look like the men had died among themselves,
maybe no one would notice.
But if we investigate further we will know that this sweater is his.
Mrs. Kawai, could you tell us again...
what happened in this office, if you'd be so kind?
Of course I could.
It turns out that...
(Body: falls to the floor)
(Body: falls to the floor) Eh?
Aaah...!
(Body: falls to the ground) Oh!
Oh, God in heaven!
This bastard...
thought I'd rehire him if he'd just apologize
and give me back the money he stole from me.
Of course he did.
Isn't that what you promised him, you?
It seems that, in the end, the relative he had in the hospital...
died much sooner than everyone thought.
-That's very cruel.
-It's the punishment he deserved.
And you, don't just stand here and call an ambulance!
You told me not to suffer, that you'd hire him back...
once I'd paid you back all the money I owed you.
Silence!
If you hadn't taken pity on a wretched thief
like Shibata, we wouldn't have come this far.
You're all a bunch of idiots, wasting your money
taking care of old men who are no longer good for anything!
What?
-Aaah!
-Iah!
What have you done, you wretch?
For a long time I put up with all kinds of humiliations.
Until I got tired of feeling how I despised others.
I don't even know how it happened.
And, besides, I had to take the blame on Shibata.
(Cries)
("Kamikaze express", Takuto)

Aa Kasumi no naka
nobashita ude ga sukoshi furuete iru.
Aa Fuan to kouyoukan Isshin Kuta ni shite
nami wa yurameite ita.
Mirai wa sueldo Fuu wo kiru mae no mae,
dekiagatte sae INAI genzairyou.
Madamada agakeru koko kara kakerun datte
Kimi no kimi no hitokoe de Subete hajimaru.
Ichi ni no no san de Aizu shite me wa tojite ite kamawanai
netsu wo obiru yume.
Arayuru yami wo keshisaru you na kamikaze express
Toutou hasshin desu!
Niega datte Mirai datte Bokura wa mushiro estima na hou ga ii.
Tobikata mo Nanto Naku de ii.
Kitto Kitto socchi no hou ga nagaku toberu ya!
Yes, I'm sorry.
(Genta) What an hour to arrive....
We had come to play soccer because the doctor wanted to lose weight...
and we have not been able to do almost nothing.
-I got it.
-I'm sorry for the doctor...
What do you say we meet tomorrow morning to play?
Let's do it for him.
Don't worry, guys, it's not necessary for me.
-Don't worry about me, really. -Yes, let's meet tomorrow.
-Yes, let's meet tomorrow. -Yes, let's meet tomorrow.
Is it going well?
It's good, isn't it?
I'm sure you'll lose weight in no time.
I'll collaborate
by keeping a strict control of the diet he follows.
-I'd rather play soccer.
-What do you think?
He-he!
Cheer up, doctor.
It's him!
The Prince of Beer!
And this shield?
What's it from?
Ah!
This is?
It's the emblem of Byun, the masked comet.
It was a very cool series.
Aaaaah!
Oh!
"Don't miss the next episode:
'The Witness, 7 years later.
Part One '."

