"We are at the Hatobue Guesthouse in Nishiokuho, where we will spend a few days."
"There we found the Prince of Beer,
"the famous artist Otar Minakitaya,
who is also staying overnight."
"The Asako's daughter, who owns the guesthouse, is named Mion."
"Something happened to her related to a series
"That they were doing 7 years ago, and she has been disturbed
when she saw one of the customers wearing a mask of the character."
"On the other hand, in the lake that is 7 km west of the pension,
the lifeless body of a man was found."
"It turned out that he was the former comic partner of the Otaru,
in Kyujiro Minakitaya."
"Also, soon after, we have found the Otaru dead in his room."
"When the countdown reaches zero,
deduction is the only answer."
"A comic couple has died. Are they related to the masked comet?"
"The truth always comes out in the end."
"He looks like a child, but he has the brain of an adult and he's Detective Conan!"
Honno suubyou de fukitobu mira.
Soshite semarareta niritsu no se wo Osu aa....
Karamitsuita Kono Kood wo kiru Kurai de
Konno namakura ga omotai
furuete shimau shimatsu da.
Kagen shirazu no sujigaki de
saishuukai Temae.
Ima byouyomi no owari ga temaneku.
Kimi no INAI Mirai nante erabitaku mo nai yo.
Ichibyou saki no boku yo kotae wo dashite.

Kagen shirazu no sujigaki de
saishuukai Temae.
Ima byouyomi no owari ga temaneku.
Kimi no INAI Mirai nante erabitaku mo nai yo.
Ichibyou saki no boku yo kotae wo dashite!

"The witness, 7 years later. Part 2."
(Male) The dead man is Otar Minakitaya.
His real name was Kotaro Minamida.
Who was the last of you
who saw her alive?
I think it was me.
I was in the dining room, cleaning up before going home, when she came in.
She came to get a beer and a bottle opener.
Do you remember what time it was when she came in?
Yes, about 11 o'clock.
-Yes, I do!
-Did anyone else come all the way to the dining room?
I was having trouble sleeping and decided to come down for a beer.
It was about 12 o'clock.
Do you remember how long it was?
Then I played with the magnets for a while.
About 30 minutes.
And then I went to sleep.
Miss Fujiyoshi came down here at two o'clock,
that's when she found the dining room all messed up.
Whoever messed it up did it between one and two o'clock.
Well, that's just about the time the murder was committed.
Yes.
-He was sleeping in the room.
-And you, what were you doing at this time?
And you, what were you doing?
Me, at this time, as usual,
I was sleeping with my daughter in the building next door.
I woke up when Ran called me.
I had already arrived home.
I came back when they called me to tell me.
It looks like an accident.
Surely he must have been drunk and slipped.
He must have hit his head on the head with a bottle.
Even the death of his former stage partner
may have indirectly been the cause of his death.
We have another piece of information that you don't know yet.
Eh?
The water found in Mr. Shujiro's lungs is not from the swamp.
It's tap water, tap water.
Eh? (Kogoro)
(Kogoro) Excuse me?
You're telling us that he was killed somewhere else
and then moved the body?
(Kogoro) - Hey!
(Kogoro) Wait a minute.
(Kogoro) -Yes.
This means... it's possible... that someone died Otaria.
Mr. Kyujiro was supposed to look for information about Mr. Otaria.
Because we found a bug hidden in his room...
with Mr. Kyujiro's fingerprint on it.
Are you implying that she was murdered to prevent her from revealing the information
she had discovered with this device?
You mean?
What secret could be so important?
-What is it?
- (man) Inspector, we have a problem.
You don't need to hide it from us.
(man) Eh?
I've just been informed
that the blood on the print found on the table is Mr. Otaria's.
-What does it look like?
-But it looks like...
(Muramatsu) That this print they've found
corresponds exactly with another print
that they found 7 years ago
on one of the masks used in the Haido crime.
You're saying that... the prints...
They are the same.
Mr. Otar was one of the criminals.
-Oh!
-It can't be.

So, it is clear that it was Mr. Otar with an accomplice,
who murdered that man.
And that Mr. Kyujiro discovered it
and that Mr. Otar, realizing that he had discovered her, murdered her?
With all these clues,
we cannot conclude that Mr. Otar's death was accidental.
We must investigate.
Now, I would like to ask a question:
The witness to the crime 7 years ago, was it the Mion?
Eh?
Eh...
That's right.
The Mion witnessed the whole thing.
She was only 5 years old at the time.
What? I was already working for the Haido police.
I was already working in the Haido police force
and I was in charge of the investigation of the case.
And did the girl get to see the faces of the two murderers?
We still don't know for sure.
It was a trauma, for her,
and the memories were too vague to draw anything out.
Yeah, and since she lives in this boarding house,
you guys go by to see what you can dig up?
We were hoping to see if she recovered any memories.
-Asako.
-Ah...
Thank you very much.
And that's why... the Mion started to tremble
when she heard about the masked comet.
I seem to recall that the series "Byun, the Masked Comet" was suspended
because of this incident.
Maybe the incident had something to do with it,
but the main reason for the suspension was that it had very low ratings
and it was not selling as much merchandising as expected.
We cannot blame the incident alone.
How do you know so much about it?
Because I, before I became a freelance reporter,
I worked as a scriptwriter.
I was the main scriptwriter for the "Byun, the masked comet" series.
Uh... Really?
And you knew who the Mion was, then?
You dropped a newspaper clipping on the subject earlier.
Hm, I remember, at that time,
someone unscrupulously wrote articles about the Mion,
and posted them anonymously on the net.
A year ago, I came to visit the town....
and I recognized her from the description he had given.
The responsibility the creature bore was too great.
So when I have free time I come here to see how she's doing.
And you knew that too, didn't you, Mr. Ide?
Eh!
Well... Yes, I...
Yes, I knew.
I moved heaven and earth to find her.
-Why, you say?
-And why is that? -Why?
Because...
the financier who died that day was my father, yes.
Ide is a family name.
My mother's name.
When she found out what had happened,
she couldn't recover from the shock she had.
Her death is not the result of murder,
but two years ago, when she died,
that came to my mind and I started to investigate.
And I also looked for information about the Mion.
(Kogoro) I mean, I had been planning it for a long time, all this.
No.
In fact, I thought that maybe... I would remember something.
I didn't expect to find her in this state of shock.
I'm sorry. I'm sorry.
I'm so sorry.
Now I remember at the crime scene there was a key.
Do any of you know what it was?
(thinks) "I was wondering the same thing."
Not long ago he told me...
that it was the key that allowed him to open the door to happiness.
What does that mean?
Open the door to happiness?
(Guts: snoring)
Excuse me.
I seem to be a little hungry.
It's getting light.
(snoring) Oh.
I'll fix us some breakfast.
Thank you for your concern.
I think he's better now.
I'm glad.
Yesterday the Mion told me that they used to live in Haido.
How come they moved here?
Have you been living here for a long time?
We decided to move to Nishiokuho after the crime.
I thought that if the Mion moved to a different environment,
maybe she could heal her wounds and recover from what happened.
And how long have you been working here?
As soon as we arrived.
I had worked in hotels before, and I found the job right away.
(Door: call)
(Ohara) Hello.
So you were here.
I made some sandwiches.
Yes, thank you very much.
Did you come to eat them outside?
Are you from here, Mr. Ohara?
No, actually I came here about four years ago.
I had just finished my cooking studies when I came here.
Ah.
Inside Mr. Otar's car,
we found one of Mr. Kyujiro's hair.

We leave, we don't do anything anymore, here.
No, not so fast.
Didn't Mr. Otaru die of an accident?
Then we can leave.
I think that's a very hasty conclusion.
Are you accusing us of murder, perhaps?
The only one here capable of doing such a thing...
Oh.
It's you, the culprit!
Hm?
(Coughs)
-You take revenge for your father's death.
-But... but what are you saying?
But I just found out that it was him.
Yes, of course.
He told you in Kyujiro, didn't he?
And so that he wouldn't say anything to anyone, he also peeled the glass.
Don't talk any more nonsense.
When they killed in Kyujiro, I was on the train.
I arrived here with the same train as Mr. Mouri.
Can you confirm that, Mr. Mouri?
To be honest, I don't remember seeing him on the train.
He spoke to us for the first time when we were already at the station.
-But it's obvious.
-Well, that's funny.
The symbol the victim wrote is the one he wears on his clothes.
Eh?
-Why don't you shut up? -Why don't you shut up?
-Hey, let's not be hasty... -Hey, let's not be hasty...
Because of the incident, he's out of work.
-Hiroko, calm down.
He's not...
-You're mad at him, aren't you? -You're mad at him, aren't you?
What about you?
You're such a good detective...
Then solve the case at once!
How complicated.
The room was completely locked.
"It was locked and the latch had also been locked,
this seems obvious."
"In addition, they had also locked the window from the inside."
"There are 7 empty bottles, but only 6 plates."
"And the other plate?"
"Where could it be?"
Eh?
"The shape is not the same."
"Y... what should this key open?"
"And why is it the only one they put on the table?"
"It's the blue beer."
I admit that it fooled me too, the look.
"The key that opens the door to happiness."
"Yeah, right!"
"So, this may mean that..."
"Maybe..."
"What I thought!"
"No doubt about it. The size fits perfectly."
"And from the position of the knocker, I'm beginning to understand what happened."
Why did you have us come here, Mr. Mouri?
(Kogoro voice) Very simple.
I brought you here because I want to tell you the truth about this case.
Eh?
-Telling you, detective!
-Finally!
First of all,
you should know that Mr. Kyujiro was not murdered by Mr. Otaria.
No !?
But the hair you found in the car...
Mr. Otar's car is a convertible,
a car unsuitable for transporting a corpse.
He would have used the van he owns.
This is true.
The hair was put there by the real perpetrator of the facts
to make us believe that the culprit was Mr. Otaria.
He had only recently had it, the car,
but buying it from him was clearly a mistake.
But you know for sure, who killed him?
Yes, of course I know.
But first there is the mystery of the room.
Yes, it was locked... locked and bolted,
and the window was locked from the inside.
-That's why they're here.
-What's the explanation for this?
I'll give you a demonstration on the scene.
Conan!
Hey!
I'm here!
Let's see, this opener is put here and with this magnet...
It's fixed.
It's the one with the cows.
And when the door closes, the magnet moves,
and it makes the opener move.
Oh!
So you can go through the latch and lock it at the same time.
Then you just pull the magnet out
and shook the door so that the opener drops.
Of course.
As there were all of empty beer bottles lying around,
I wasn't surprised to see an opener as well.
I knew it!
It's you, the culprit!
You said you'd been playing with the cow magnet
when you came down to get the beer.
I told you I'm innocent.
(Kogoro voice) The clue about the murderer,
Mr. Otar wrote it down for us before he died.
(Kogoro voice) -No.
You're wrong.
-I said so.
That was not Byun's symbol.
Because we were reading it backwards.
We were what?
We had the crime of the masked comet in our heads...
and that's why we related it.
Let's look at it from the perspective of the hand, that is, as if we were him.

That was not his intention at all.
So what do you think they are, the two lines under the circle?
If it's not from en Byun, what is it?
When Mr. Otar signs...
he makes a big circle to symbolize the "U".
And the two poles are a Japanese letter in katakana
which reads "ha".
He died before he could write it all down.
This means that the name of his murderer is....
The culprit is... the Ohara!
Oh!
What nonsense!
-The explanation is very easy.
-Why should I kill, me? -Why should I kill?
The vessel to kill because you are the other criminal who acted 7 years ago.
When in Kyujiro felt with the microphones
that he had hidden in the room his conversation,
he knew the whole truth and threatened you that he would make it public.
Now I understand;
he had a letter from "Byun"...
to make you see that he knew what had happened.
First, you finished with Kyujiro...
to stop him from bribing you with what he had gotten.
You had water at the ready and then the vessel drowned the van.
The van going to pick up customers.
Going towards the station, before picking us up,
you're going to throw the body into the swamp.
Afterwards, you tried to endorse the dead body to the Otaru,
whom you are also going to murder.
It's a lie!
You have no proof!
If not, why did you lie to us and tell us...
that the Otaru had taken a bottle opener and a beer from the kitchen?
This is true.
I saw him take it.
Normally people already do that.
I don't see anything strange.
It's surprising when you know that he didn't need that bottle opener.
He already had one, and it's right here in front of us.
We haven't found any other opener in the room.
Well, they were fooled by appearances.
Just as happened with the blue beer.
When the Otaru spoke of "the key that opens the door to happiness", he was really talking about its opener,
he was really talking about its opener.
That's what the opener was.
Of course, since he was a big beer fan....
it's logical that he thought that opening one
was like opening a door to happiness.
The plates on the floor
are bent but end up a bit pointed.
I'm sure the key-shaped opener is responsible.
But you suddenly realized
that to create the effect of a closed room
there was an opener that would fit, but you didn't see the head.
So you went back to the dining room to get one.
You lied because no one would notice what you had gone to do.
And it was him, who turned the dining room upside down?
When Mr. Ide came downstairs,
he was also playing tag with the magnets,
and he hooked a lot of them.
In order to use the magnet to close the room,
he had to remove them all.
But he couldn't come back later and leave everything as it was.
Evidently it was much more practical to make it look like someone had messed it up and forget about it.
and forget about it.
A lot of talk, but you don't have any proof!
(Kogoro voice) I have the definitive proof.
You know better than anyone.
You have it.
And you have it under this watch.
So this watch you always carry in your pocket,
but since last night the doors on your wrist.
What do you mean by this?
The watch... it doesn't work anymore, does it?
You haven't looked at it for a while.
To tell the time you look at the clock on the wall.
But I... Yes, I...
Last night, right after you killed Otar,
you went back to the kitchen to put the cow magnet back in its place.
"With the bad luck that Miss Fujiyoshi
had discovered the chaos you had created and had already alerted everyone."
"By not being able to get into the kitchen,
"You climbed down the tree below the window
of one of the guest rooms on the second floor."
You put the magnet in your pocket
without thinking that you were carrying the watch there.
And the force of the magnet ruined the watch, didn't it?
And when you came back after you were called,
I guess you just dropped it on the floor like it was nothing, didn't you?
Could you take it off, this watch?
-Oh!
-Oh!
It looks like a wound made by one of the plates.
When the glass attacked, the Otar put up a fight.
He pushed you, you fell on the plates and got one in your arm.
That's why you have that wound.
Inspect all the plates
and check if there is any evidence of skin or blood.
You can search now!
You won't find anything at all!

They won't find it here because this badge was taken by you.
But even so, you didn't have time to throw it very far.
We will find it.
Even if there are no traces of skin or blood,
think that the mark left by each of the tags is unique.
If any of them match the mark, we'll have the proof.
The Otar implied
that we could not allow Kyujiro to remain alive.
And may I ask why you killed him, too?
Because I wanted to eliminate the Mion and I could not allow that.
I could not!
To protect her I had no choice but to do what I did.
(Kogoro voice) Really?
Are you serious?
Are you sure, about all this?
The trick of the room is simple but not simple enough for you to improvise.
I would bet that you had planned all this for a long time.
You wanted to eliminate the Otar because he wouldn't talk.
No, you didn't!
You wanted to make everyone believe that it was him who committed all the crimes
because they would think you were innocent.
No!
You are wrong!
Seven years ago, the Otaru said that the girl had to be eliminated...
because she had witnessed everything.
- (Mion) I was so afraid.
-But I stopped it!
Mion!
(Mion) Oh!
I was approached by a man with a mask full of blood,
and I... and I...
And I protected you, didn't I?
Didn't I?
Do you remember?
"(footsteps approaching)"
You won't remember anything you just saw, okay?
Because if you do... Your life will be in danger.
Aaah!
Aaah!
-Miona!
-Miona!
Now I remember!
The man I saw that day... That's him!
Yes!
Hm.
Eh?
("Kamikaze express", Takuto)

Aa Kasumi no naka
nobashita ude ga sukoshi furuete iru.
Aa Fuan to kouyoukan Isshin Kuta ni shite
nami wa yurameite ita.
Mirai wa sueldo Fuu wo kiru mae no mae,
dekiagatte sae INAI genzairyou.
Madamada agakeru koko kara kakerun datte
Kimi no kimi no hitokoe de Subete hajimaru.
Ichi ni no no san de Aizu shite me wa tojite ite kamawanai
netsu wo obiru yume.
Arayuru yami wo keshisaru you na kamikaze express
Toutou hasshin desu!
Niega datte Mirai datte Bokura wa mushiro estima na hou ga ii.
Tobikata mo Nanto Naku de ii.
Kitto Kitto socchi no hou ga nagaku toberu ya!
It was horrible.
At least the girl got her smile back after such a long time.
She seems happier.
Eh?
What?
What's that?
But... where is... where is everybody?
Aah!
Aah!
I don't know how she does it, Kogoro,
but even beer stuns her.
(Man) Hey, can you come here for a moment?
I, uh... It's just that... Can I really give it to her?
O-okay.
Ah... This is a drink and..., if you drink it,
you'll have a lot of energy and you'll play very well.
Thank you very much.
One day or another the Japanese will end up understanding
what all this gambling is about.
"Why did you do it?"
"Don't miss the next episode:
The Bodyguard of the Japanese League '."

