(Classical music)

(People: shouting)
("Ave Maria", by Franz Schubert)

Ave Maria...


"Soko Kabe.
If you're looking for a culprit, blame your own talent.

I just want the silent nights back."
DETECTIVE CONAN.
THE SCORE OF FEAR
"My name is Shinichi Kudo and I'm a teenage detective."
"One day, I went to the amusement park with Ran Mouri,
"my best friend and classmate,
"And I witnessed a suspicious exchange
between two men dressed in black."
"I was so focused on watching those two men,
that I didn't realize there was another one behind me."
"He made me swallow a poison and, when I woke up....
(Conan voice)... my body had shrunk!"
"If they found out that Shinichi Kudo was still alive,
they would want to kill me and the lives of those around me would be in danger."
"That's why Dr. Agasa recommended that I hide my identity.
to hide my identity."
"When the Ran asked me what my name was,
it occurred to me to tell her that I called myself Conan Edogawa."
"Since her father is a detective, I went to live with them....
to try to get information about the men in black."
-"It's coming for you, Mitsuhiko! -Pasa-me-la, Genta! -Come on!
Let's go!
Mi!
Mitsuhiko! He's got it, Conan!
Wow!
It's on you, Ayumi! What?
Who, me?
I got her!
Goal!
-We're the best! -That's what you call being a good team!
"Now these are my classmates:
Genta, Ayumi and Mitsuhiko."
"They founded the Junior Detective League and included me."
"And there is still another member. This is the Ai Haibara."
"His name is actually Shiho Miyano."
"Her parents, who died when she was little,
worked as scientists for the men in black."
"She also worked under the code name Sherry.
"And she created a poison,
Apotoxin 4869."
"But the men in black murdered her sister,
the Akim Miyano, and she rebelled against the organization."
"With the intention of committing suicide,
she took the pill and her body shrank."
"That's how we met."
"Now we pretend we're elementary school kids
while trying to figure out who the men in black are."
From time to time, however,
this little detective forgets that he is a Primary school child.
"Thanks to his innate powers of deduction.
"And with the help of Dr. Agasa's inventions,
he is able to solve the most complicated cases."
I suffer constantly because of him.
Well, the truth is that in music class I also suffer,
but for very different reasons...
(Music: cover the voice)
What? Look, it's the same old ones.
Mm?
Ah.
Soc small but I have the brain of an adult.
A detective who solves all mysteries!
There's only one truth!
(Phone: Shinichi voice) "In Kazuki domotics, you say?"
You've heard of it, right? "Yes."
"He's the founder of the music academy
where there was an explosion last week."
In fact, I'm right in front of the building.
Mr. domotics was a very famous pianist
who suddenly gave up the piano for the organ.
Plus, he built a new auditorium....
"And it looks like he had the organ of a very old German church
the organ of a very old German church."
Ah, yes?
I've heard that he's the best interpreter of Bach.
Well, you know what?
We're all invited to the opening concert of the domotics auditorium.
They'll also let us loose on rehearsals.
The Sonoko has snuck us in.
In fact, the work on the auditorium was done by Suzuki Construction, wasn't it?
(Think) "A piano key?"
The explosion was supposed to send it all the way here.
"Hey, why don't we go together?"
"You can feel what a Stradivarius sounds like live."
"You play the violin."
"Didn't you say you'd like to hear a real one?"
"Who will it be?"
"Hey, can you hear me, Shinichi?" Oops, sorry.
I'm sorry, but I'm busy investigating a case.
And you don't even have a day off?
The dress rehearsal is the day after tomorrow.
Sorry, I can't make it. "And in concert? It's Tuesday."
No way.
I've already told you I'm researching a...
"But maybe you're done by now!"

"I'll tell the Sonoko to save you a ticket."
No, I really won't be able to come.
Don't be a pain... Wow!
You called me "heavy"? What?
And now!
Don't suffer, it's clear to me.
To you I'm just a bore and a silly karate fanatic.
Aii... I didn't say that!
I agree.
Even if you felt how the Stradivarius sounds,
you could never compare yourself to Sherlock Holmes.
Why not? Because you, Shinichi, are tone-deaf.
(Thinking) "Ran! What do you think you are!"
Well, bird, may your investigation go very well, you tone-deaf detective.
I won't be inviting him anymore,
in this investigation maniac.
Look at that... Oh...
(Mobile)
(Mobile)
(Conan's voice) Tell me? "Hello, Conan."
What would you like for dinner today? "Well..."
Do you fly rice curry, or shall I make you something else?
No, that's not necessary.
Curry rice suits me fine.
That's perfect!
It's lucky you're so easy to deal with.
"Be careful and come back before it gets dark, okay?"
Yes! "So far."
(Shinichi voice) When I'm in Conan, I'm easy to deal with, right?
(Organ: "Toccata and Fugue in D minor" by J. S. Bach)







Really fantastic!
It was extraordinary!
Magnificent, Mr. domotics.
The organ has a different charm from the piano.
In Kazuki Domoticas I was not disappointed at all.
It was a fantastic performance.
Wow!
I've seen that man on TV.
Mm? Yes, the man with the glasses.
(Sonoko) Ah, that's Mr. Takumi Fuwa.
He's Mr. Domotics' piano tuner,
he's been working for him for 35 years.
And now he's been made the director of the domotics auditorium.
(Think) "That's him!"
The man who just turned around is German, his name is Hans Müller.
He is an organ tuner.
Now you see him very happy,
but he has had a tug of war with Mr. domotics.
The man next to her, who accompanies her, is Mr. domotics' son,
is the son of Mr. domotics.
His name is Genya and he is a pianist.
He is the organizer of the concert.
See the two girls who are a little apart?
They are disciples of Mr. domoticas.
The one on the right is a ninth year student of the domotics academy,
is the soprano Lala Chigusa.
The other one, the one biting her nails,
is an eighth grade violin student at the same academy.
Ah, Soko Kabe's understudy,
the violinist who took a wrong turn in the explosion.
That's right.
Luckily, Miss Kabe...
was not wearing the Stradivarius at the time of the explosion and it is intact.
Miss Shion will play the concerto.
And... the woman sitting in the front row is...
Reiko Akiba, right?
The soprano.
(laughs) I knew you'd recognize her.
She's very famous.
Go ahead, Shion.
Get ready.
(Laughs) All right.
Let's start at the beginning, the "Hail Mary."
Yes.
(Violin: he tunes)
Mr. domotics, it will take much longer to let me know to go out to rehearse?
We'll have to wait a little longer, if you don't mind.
I... I sit down.
Finally we will feel how a Stradivarius sounds live!
Oi, Sato?
What do you want me to tell you?
I'd rather listen to an Amati.
Xxxt!
Shut up, both of you!
("Ave Maria", by J. S. Bach)

(Domotics) Stop, stop!
This sounds terrible.
Can you tell me what you've been doing this week?
-Lo greu. -Huh?
It sounded that bad?
To me, it sounded top-notch.
"No. The sound you're getting out of it is not up to the level of a Stradivarius."
-Let's start over. -Yes.

Wow!
What happened?
He broke a string on his violin.
How bad it tastes to me!
I'll change it right away.
So you thought the sound balance was good?
Yes, yes, very well.
No problems.
Oh, my goodness!
At this rate, I'll leave without singing.
Excuse me, can we talk to you? Let me go to the dressing room for a moment.
Tell me, Mouri.
Have you found any suspects in the attack the other day?
No, not yet.
The bomb they used was a plastic explosive, right?
Yes.
There was a timer.
Set to go off while the victims were rehearsing.
This means that everything was...
I'm sorry, Mouri,
but this isn't the right place or the right time

to give you details of the investigation.
Especially not to a curious child.
What child?
Au, run, go play with the kids! I'm going.
(Genta) Come on, it's huge!
Not only is it big, it's also very nice!
Fantastic, right?
Hey, can you explain to us how they work, the organs?
The organs produce the sound
with the same mechanism as the recorder I play at school.
See.
See those pipes lined up there?
The sound is produced when air passes through the pipes,
which give the impression of flutes.
Through... the tubes?
But how can that be,
if the flutes are perforated and the organ pipes are not?
When you play the flute,
you plug the holes with your fingers to produce different notes.
When you play the organ,

you press the keys and the sound comes out of the pipe corresponding to each key.
So, from each of these pipes comes out a different sound from the others.
Aaah...
And what are they, those switches?
You mean this?
It's called register levers.
When we stretch them out, we can modify the sonority of each note.
If I stretch this one, for example...

It's a trumpet!

A flute!
Organists are combining all these timbres
to add variations to their interpretations.
I get it!
How many things you learn!
And finally the time has come for the riddle I was waiting for.
"Who was waiting for him?"
It's about an opera singer who had a sore throat
and was waiting to be called in for an operation.
But, in the end, he drank a soup given to him by his grandfather....
and he cured himself.
Tell me, what kind of singer was he?
You have 4 choices.
One: a soprano.
Two: an alto.
Three: a tenor.
Four: a bass.
Mm... It's a tough one, this time!
Give us a clue, doctor!
Who knows what "operation" is called in English?
"Operation.
Here we call "ope".
Besides... We also have Grandpa's soup, don't we?
Hey, hey, hey, hey!
You got the solution, Conan?
Yes.
It's very easy.
First of all... (Akiba) It's the first one.
-(Akiba) Huh? -(Akiba) Huh?
The correct answer is soprano.
An opera singer decided not to have surgery.
If we take "ope" out of "opera", we get "ra".
His grandfather gave him a soup to make his sore throat go away,
so we have to add the grandfather's soup to the "ra" we already had.
And if we take into account that he "did not" have an operation....
-Ra... -Soup...
He did not have an operation...
Ah!
Soprano!
What nonsense.
It's... it's correct, but there was no need to be disrespectful...
Miss Akiba.
May I have a word with you?
What a pain in the ass!
I hope it won't take too long.
We must ask you again about the message
that Soko Kabe sent to your cell phone just before the explosion.
"You can't work with amateurs
who do not know how to perceive the nuances of sounds."
Do you know what this message means?
(Akiba) What does it mean?
It's not hard to understand, is it?
I told you the other day that Miss Kabe and me...
You met during the pre-concert press conference, right?
Yes.
She told me that she would attend the rehearsal of the boys who died
and she would send me a message with her opinion.
I mean, Miss Soko's playing...
was so different from the playing of the two victims,
that they couldn't act together.
-Is that what he meant? -I guess so.
Why don't you ask her?
She's already awake, isn't she?
She's awake, it's true,
but she's in shock
and she doesn't remember anything that happened before the explosion.
Oh.
Is that so?
One other thing.
In the study room that exploded, we found this.
-The body of a flute! -Exactly.
The 3 parts of a flute are the headjoint, the body and the footjoint.
This is the body.
And couldn't it be that some student had neglected it?
It could be, but it would be strange if only the body had been neglected?
Don't you remember anything that could clarify this question?
Miss Akiba... Eh?
I have nothing more to say.
We've already finished.
Just a moment, wait!
(Genta) What is this?
-What's that you drink? -It's tea.
-Would you give me a sip, please? -I can't.

Stingy.
Oh, right!
He must have put some ingredient for the throat.
-No, it's not that.
I-I wish!
Then we could drink it and win the choral singing contest.
-The choral singing contest? -Yes.
We'll participate in a school choral singing contest.
I already have it!
Why don't you teach us how to sing to win the contest?
Me? -The day after tomorrow at two o'clock in the afternoon.
The day after tomorrow at two o'clock in the afternoon
we have rehearsal in the school music room.
La Ran will play the piano to accompany us.
The problem is that the person who teaches us to sing...
(Sonoko) Hey, wise guys!
Who do you say is a problem?
Oops...!
What do you think!
Now it turns out that I'm the problem?
(Sonoko) I'm sorry.
Don't listen to the children.
I just hope they don't sing the "Novena".
The truth is that I can't stand it.
We are not monks, we!
We'll sing the Teitan hymn.
What?
He didn't mean the "Ninth" that monks recite,
but Beethoven's "Ninth Symphony".
Oh, right.
Understood.
I will prepare you for the contest.
I'll do it as a former student of the Teitan school.
Eh? What?
You studied at Teitan?
And now I'm going home, come on.
I'll be in the way here.
Okay...
It's good that she wants to prepare us for the choral singing contest, but...
-She's got a very bad temper, this WOMAN. - The truth is yes.
She's the prototypical spoiled girl who plays the diva.
Yes.
She reminds me a bit of you, depending on how.
Just kidding!
She's much prettier, of course.
I can't tell if Miss Akiba is nice or a caragirada.
I was surprised that she threw us out, too.
But I prefer to think that she did it
not to make the violinist, Miss Shion, more nervous.
Yes, man!
It's too far-fetched, això.Potser yes.
Well... Zero to thirty!
Eh!
It is not necessary that m'apallissis, I do not know as much as you...
We lions give everything, even if it's just to hunt a rabbit.
Ah, very well!
Now it turns out that I am a rabbit, right?
I've got an idea!
What do you say we do some mixed doubles?
With Makoto and Shinichi.
Shinichi? Eh?
That deduction freak!
Iaaaaaah!
(Thinks) "Geez..."
Wow.
So you had a fight with him.
I never get involved in a couple's crisis.
Don't talk nonsense! But you argue every now and then!
And in the end you end up making up and being friends.
Ah!
Except for one time that I'm going to take a long time.
You didn't talk to each other for a week, did you?
What? When do you mean?
When do you mean?
Yes, woman, when we were going to second.
Oh, yeah, you're right.
We argued about... Oh, man.
I don't remember, actually.
And do you remember how you made up, in the end?
What, you've forgotten that too? Shut up, I got it.
(Sonoko) "Stop, stop! Just a moment."
If you were quarreling, why did you tornavoz together?
(Sonoko) What?
Because we had to go the same way.
Ah... Never mind, go on.
There was someone who sang.
What?
We felt someone singing by the river.
Yes.
And while we were listening to her, I don't know how...
You made up, didn't you?
And... what song was it?
I don't remember.
Oh, wow, wow, wow!
I think it was a famous song, but...
Come on, come on! I don't know.
But it turns out that song touched me to the bottom of my heart.
(Piano)

On this bright green hill the echo echoes far away.
Let's sing with a smile
In the bright sunlight.
We'll engrave it in our hearts
so that we can face the future.
Teitan, Teitan.
Teitan elementary school.
Teitan, Teitan.
Teitan elementary school.

What did you think, the children's song?
Let's see...
First, you!
You sing too loud.
Try not to call louder than the others.
-And the boy with the piggy face. Me?
You're quite in tune when you sing, but sometimes you lack feeling.
Maybe because you're careless looking at the girl in front of you.
-What? -The girl in front of you is...
What are you looking at Haibara?
Now... it's your turn.
You have a very good voice, but you should sing like a girl.
I'm not a girl, me. (Think) "Hey, take it easy."
You're in tune too, you have a good voice and you sing with feeling.

And you don't let the voices around you drown you out.
-You have to trust yourself more. How good she is.
She didn't seem to be listening,
but she's able to distinguish the different voices.
Yes.
She must have a musician's ear.
The problem... is you.
Me?
Ah, yes.
You've been out of tune for the whole song.
That you were doing it on purpose?
No, I didn't... He doesn't do it expressly!
What's wrong with him is that he's tone-deaf!
"What a way to defend myself..."
What a pot of crickets!
Even the piano.
What's that? It's a little low key.
I should have a tuner come in.
Really?
Gee, I hadn't noticed.
"I thought so, too. This woman..."
Tell me.
Do you have an absolute hearing, you?
-Yes, yes I do. What does it mean, to have absolute hearing?
It's the ability to feel a note
and to know what it is and what key it is in.
Like now...
E five.
E.
B three and five.
B and F. That's right!
That's strong!
That's why he sings so well, isn't it?
I don't know, maybe yes.
All I know is that having an absolute ear
is not a prerequisite to dedicate oneself to music.
In my case it's a kind of innate talent,
but you can see that it can be acquired through practice.
As in the case of Mr. Fuwa, the former piano tuner.
Well, there's not much more I can do.
Now it's your turn to rehearse on your own.
If you learn to sing better, I'll come and see you another day.
-What? -Are you really leaving?
We'd like to hear her sing first.
That's true!
And how much do you say you can pay me?
-What? -What?
Don't you know?
We professionals never sing without pay.
See you soon.
- (Genta) I've got it, I've got it! -Oh!
-Hey, you!
What are you doing, with my tea? -To your health!
(Genta) Wow.
What's wrong with you, Genta? What's wrong with you?
-My neck!
My neck! -(Ayumi) People!
- (Genta: moaning) - (Ayumi) Does it hurt a lot?
But what's wrong?
It seems to me that someone has put something.
What do you think?
What nonsense!
It can't be that...
We have to take it to the hospital just in case.
(Ayumi) Do you think it will come out, in Genta?
It seemed to make him very bad, didn't it?
Yes.
His eyes were red.
Do you remember when you last drank tea?
Eh?
Mid-morning, I think.
And where did you go? At the domotics academy.
I booked a study room and went to rehearse today.
"Before leaving, I went to the toilet...
"And I left the thermos in a corner of the classroom..,
with my bag and the other things I was carrying."
If someone had put something in it, they would have done it then.
-But who could it have been? - (door, open)
Thank you very much, doctor.
Genta!
-How are you feeling? - (hoarse) I could be rather...
What did he say, the doctor? Well...
That his throat is swollen, but it will heal.
In four or five days.
Et you will recover!
But... in other words,
this means he'll barely speak for another four days.
Yes.
And it's only three days until the opening concert.
If Miss Akiba had drunk it, she wouldn't have been able to perform.
We should talk to Inspector Megure
to have the contents of the thermos analyzed.
Okay, I'll let you know.
But before that...
We'll go with you, in Genta.
-Me too.
I-I'll come too.
I'd like to ask this child's parents
how come they haven't taught him
to ask permission before taking other people's things.
- (Genta: lazy) I'm sorry...- Poor Genta....
Don't be a cat, Genta.
These 4 or 5 days will fly by.
I too... I want to eat... Grandpa's... Grandpa's soup.
In the end, Dr. Agasa's riddle has come true.
Get on the sidewalk, there's a truck coming... No, mail!
Hurry up!
(Think) "Gee, I can't see his face!"
(They call)
Guys, turn right!
(They call)
(Cracking)
Ah!
Ah!
What the fuck?
Ah!
Aaaah!
Aaaah!
(honking)
What went wrong?
Eh?
-All right, miss? -Yes.
Why the hell was he going the wrong way, that truck driver?
-Miss Reiko! -You have blood on your leg.
It's nothing, I'm fine.

"You stopped because the cab was coming from the side?"
"Or...?"
I'm sorry, but I have to go, I'll leave you with the kids.
I'll take the taxi home.
I'll take the cab back home.
You'll tell everything to the police, won't you?
What... he's leaving, he says?
Since I've been with you, strange things keep happening to me.
-It's not fair.
(Police, sirens: approaching)
(Shouting)
Inspector!
What caused the explosion?
Everything seems to indicate that there has been a leak,
the gas has spread on the floor and ignited when a match was lit.
And someone tampered with the gas detector so that it wouldn't go off.
So it was not an accident.
The victim was the store owner,
36-year-old Osamu Shida.
Mr. Shida was a first-year violin student at the domotics academy.
First, you say?
The victims of the other explosion were also first-year students.
-I doubt it's a coincidence. (Sato) No, it's not a coincidence.
(Takagi) Inspector Sato!
This was at the store.
(Takagi) What is it? It's the foot of a transverse flute.
This is obvious.
We're looking for a serial killer.
And the killer has left us a message, too.
-The body and the foot of the flute. The head is yet to appear.
Then... but there will be another murder.
The man who was killed yesterday in a paragliding accident
was Mr. Hisao Sone, right?
Yes.
He was a musician, I believe he played the viola.
In fact, we found out that he was a first-year student at the domotics academy.
-That means... -Yes.
He was a classmate
of the first two victims and Mr. Shida,
who died two days ago in an explosion.
Also, it seems that until two years ago...
all four were members of a piano quartet.
Ah...
So, we're after a serial killer.
I have no doubt about it.
According to the prefectural police,
the paraglider was found with very small incisions
made with a sharp instrument.
And another thing.
Do you know what was under the seat of the car?
The head of the transverse flute, the missing part.
This is it, isn't it?
Is it?
Yes, it is...
Anyway, if all 3 parts of the flute have already appeared,
it's very likely that the killer won't act anymore.
We hope not.
By the way, Ran.
Yes.
As for the thermos flask
you took to me to have it tested by the lab...
They've already sent us the results.
The tea contained a very irritating active ingredient.
How so?
The dosage was too high to be a joke.
And the truck that wanted to run us over?
It looks like it was stolen near the place where he chased you.
In other words, someone tried to poison Miss Akiba...
by putting a drug in thermoses and failed,
and that's why he then stole a truck to run her down
and achieve his main goal:
that Miss Akiba would not be able to perform
at the opening concert of the domotics auditorium.
This was what he wanted.
And... if Miss Akiba could not perform, who would replace her?
I guess... Lala Chigusa would come out.
"In fact, she was the first choice to play the soprano role."
"She studies ninth grade at the academy and is a student of Mr. domotics."
"But the violinist they had chosen for the concert, the Soko Kabe.
"He proposed Reiko Akiba,
with whom he had long wanted to perform even though he didn't know her."
So they discarded the first choice.
Now we should focus on
find out what relation the 4 victims have to everything.
At the moment we have not yet found any connection
between the 4 victims and Miss Akiba.
We only know that Miss Kabe
was related to the two victims of the first explosion.
Because they must have acted together, right?
The explosive device was hidden underground,
very close to where the two boys who died were.
What does this mean?
That Ms. Kabe happened to be involved?
It's too early to say for sure, though.
Mostly because there are people who have motive to want to kill her.
Do you suspect the girl who was supposed to sing at the beginning, Lala Chigusa?
And Shion Yamane,
the violinist who will come out to perform in place of Miss Kabe.
What do you mean?

Her too? Yes.
She will play on Miss Kabe's Stradivarius.
If she is able to deliver a brilliant performance at a concert like this,
"where musicians from all over the world will attend,
she could become famous in one night."
But she has yet another motive.
She is one of Mr. domotics' favorite pupils.
The organist didn't choose Miss Kabe
"So that he had... a special affection for her,
but because he had noticed her Stradivarius."
"But deep down he wanted Miss Shion to perform."
That's why at first he decided to designate her as an understudy.
All he needed to do was to make sure
that Miss Kabe couldn't perform and left him the Stradivarius.
It's a theory we can't rule out.
How complex human relationships are!
And how difficult they are to understand!
If I have understood correctly,
the Lala Chigusa has motives for wanting to hurt
"Both Miss Kabe and Miss Akiba,
"While Mr. Domotics and Miss Shion
only have motives against Miss Kabe."
"But we are still missing
the motive for the murder of the quartet members."
Am I on the right track? Yes, yes, exactly.
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha! Pst!
By the way, the piano in the classroom where the explosion took place...
was it normal or was there something special about it?
No, I don't know that it was special for any reason.
Why do you think it might be?
Because the other day I was passing by
and I saw that Mr. Fuwa was holding a button
as if it had a lot of value.
That's why I thought it would be special for him.
Hey!
What were you doing, hanging around a crime scene?
I won't do it again...
That piano was what Mr. domotics had in his house,
he played for more than 30 years.
"When he decided to give up the piano,
"He had it taken to the academy
for the students to use it for rehearsal."
"Mr. Fuwa was the one who tuned it.
"While Mr. Domotics had it in his house
and also when they moved it to the academy."
After all these years, I imagine he loved it as if it were his own child.
Is that clear to you, uncle? Ah.
Mm-hm.
Come to think of it,
Mr. Fuwa was very critical of the four victims.
He confessed to me that they didn't take their studies seriously enough.
But a motive like this
doesn't justify the cold-blooded murder of 4 boys.
I guess not...
And even if I couldn't bear
that the 4 young men were not sufficiently focused on their studies
and wanted to kill them,
we can't link it to the attempted murder of Miss Akiba.
-Of course... -Inspector.
Perhaps we should consider Miss Akiba's case.
apart from the 4 murdered ones, no?
The point is that everything that's happened so far
revolves around Mr. domotics.
And honestly, I don't think it's just a coincidence.
He's right.
Be that as it may,
we should at least offer Ms. Akiba protection
from now until the day after tomorrow, when the concert is over.
I was supposed to order in Takagi, but...
It's just that... this... she threw me out because I was bothering her.
Anyway.
How did you let him, Takagi?
If they attack Miss Akiba again, you'll have no excuse.
Anyway, he told me he wouldn't leave the house today or tomorrow.
What? You're an idiot!
She can say whatever she wants, you have to stay, period!
I'm sorry...
See you later!
(Ayumi) Conan!
-Good morning, Conan! Good morning, Conan!
What are you doing here?
It's early in the morning.
Let's go to Yaiba to see the emmascarat.
In Yaiba the masked one?
According to the confidential information we have,
this morning they'll be filming in Ryokuchi Park by the river.
We thought that Genta would suddenly regain his voice if he saw him.
(Thinking) "I doubt he'll get it back so soon, the voice..."
We came to ask you if you wanted to come, but....
You must have some things in fer.
Yes, a little something.
What little thing? It's not important, actually.
But it's more important than your friendship with Genta, isn't it?
Oh... I'll tell you.
I'm going to see the Reiko.
The Reiko, you say?
It's better if you don't go!
If she sees you, she'll probably get angry again.
Yes, probably, but I have a duty to protect her from the bad guys.

The ones who tried to run her over, you mean?
How are you supposed to protect yourself?
Mm?
Yeah, why does it have to be me?
The truth is, I'm not really clear on that.
I do it because I know I have to do it and that's it.
I feel obligated.
In Genta it says that you do it because you've fallen in love.
So you like bigger girls?
Don't be an ass!
I'll leave you with Genta, I'm sure you'll be able to cheer him up.
What he deserves! Just a moment!
This means he trusts us, right?
I guess so.
(Flute: "Amazing Grace")

(Doorbell rings)

Yes?
Good morning, Reiko.
May I come in?
(Flute: "Amazing Grace") Eh?
Hey, where are you going?
What a cool apartment!
And the neighborhood looks quiet.
What? Hey, kid.
What the hell are you doing?
What's this trespassing?
What do you want?
Singing lessons.
You'd give me private lessons?
What?
Oh, yes, I remember.
You're the boy with no ear.
I can't today.
You must go out? What?
I've heard that on the eve of a concert or an important recording...
you always go for a walk in the woods to distract yourself.
If you already knew that, why did you come?
I thought I could come with you.
Oh, my goodness!
I told you the other day.
When I'm with you, things keep happening to me,
I don't want to be around.
It's not for that, you don't want to have us near them.
It's to protect us.
She is convinced that the culprit will strike again soon.
When she offered to accompany in Genta,
she didn't do it to complain to her parents,
but to make sure she got home safe and sound.
I don't want to feel any more nonsense!
By the way, can I have some juice before we leave?
I'm so thirsty I'm dying.
What?
Sure, what a remedy...
But I only have 100% natural orange juice.
You'll have to make do with it.
Yes, that's enough for me.
"A transverse flute! Who is it, that man?"
Hey!
Don't you find you're too young to be snooping around a woman's bedroom?
I didn't know he played the flute, too.
You don't have to do anything, you.
Au, drink your juice and go.
I won't give you singing lessons.
And I don't want you to go for a walk with me.
Yes!
Ha-ha-ha!
I won't bother her, I'll follow her without saying anything.
What a lead!
If you get lost, don't come and cry to me.
Don't suffer, I won't get lost.
(Sato) Inspector Megure! Hm?
The Reiko Akiba is related to the victims.
What do you mean?
In January 3 years ago,
the domotics academy rented a holiday camp in Izu.
A flutist who was staying with the 4 victims got drunk,
fell off a cliff in the vicinity and died.
His name was Hikaru Soma and he was 28 years old.
He was a sixth year student at the domotics academy.
You mean he committed suicide?
No.
The other 4 forced him to drink, although he did not tolerate alcohol well.
As this had no direct relation to the fall,
they considered it an accident and closed the case.
Understood.
And what does this have to do with Miss Akiba?
It seems that Reiko Akiba was engaged to Mr. Soma.
What? Inspector.
It is very likely that Miss Akiba
could not forgive the members of the quartet.
But then, how come they also attacked her?
Yaiba, Yaiba the masked one.
If we all call her name together...
Yaiba, Yaiba the Masked...
he'll be here any minute.
Good morning to you! Good morning to you.
Good morning to you.
-They must be mother and son, these two. They don't look anything alike.
How come they walk one after the other?
That's because the mother must be angry.
Bah! Listen.
Do you know why I always go for a walk in the woods on the eve of a concert?
Because I want nature to permeate my whole body.
European classical music was born
in places surrounded by the purest nature.
You know what I mean?
Mm-hm, I think so.
Are you okay, Reiko? Yes, I'm fine.
Run!
Go on!
(Thinking) "I knew you'd be attacked."
"Oysters!"
"She'll shoot."
Reiko, come on!
"Why, why didn't she shoot? What's her target?"
Hey, you mean we shouldn't explain it to the police?
No way.

I have already told you what will happen, if we notify the police.
That they would waste her time
and tomorrow she wouldn't be focused enough to go out and sing, would she?
I understand that, but... If you understand, don't say anything.
I'll talk to the police myself after the concert.
Okay? Okay...
Okay...
Hey, Inspector Takagi!
He's here!
With Conan!
Miss Akiba, where have you been?
Didn't you tell me you weren't going out?
-I was supposed to meet this guy. -You were supposed to meet him, you say?
Excuse me, we need to talk to you for a moment.
I'm not doing well right now.
This is Mr. Hikaru Soma.
If I'm not mistaken, Mr. Soma was your fiancé, wasn't he?
Inspector.
I'll tell you everything I know.
But... it will have to be tomorrow, after the concert.
Mr. Inspector.
Didn't he have a mole here, this Hikaru Soma?
He did have a mole, but how do you know?
Because I saw a picture of it in Reiko's bedroom.
What do you mean?
Don't tell me you went into her bedroom!
You know what?
Accompany me home.
In the meantime, I'll tell you everything.
(Sato) That's why we drove Conan all the way here.
In the end, he just told us...
that the girl has a picture of Mr. Soma in the bedroom
and a transverse flute as an ornament.
Wow!
Anyway...
even if the girl had a good motive
to kill the quartet members, it doesn't mean she did it.
Besides, they tried to run her over.
Hey.
Do you know if Mr. Soma had any other family members
who wanted to avenge her death?
Well... now that you mention it... Just a moment.
Excuse me, excuse me.
Would you like some tea? Yes, thank you, thank you.
Thank you, Ran.
You're welcome.
Now, Mr. Soma...
was the son of a single mother who died 5 years ago.
-He had no siblings. -And the father?
We don't know who he was.
We don't know if he's alive or dead.
"But if..."
As for the 4 victims,
we found out that they caused another scandal.
They once went out to perform drunk
and Mr. domotics had to boo them after the concert.
Wow!
When did you say that was?
Ah... Yes, yes, yes, yes.
Let's see... Here!
The concert was a year ago.
And the piece they played was Beethoven's Piano Quartet.
I've already understood, Mr. inspector.
I know who killed the 4 victims, wounded Miss Kabe...
and attacked Miss Akiba.
And I know why he did it.
Oh!
Are you serious, Mouri?
Yes!
The person who did it...
is Mr. Genya Domotics, you!
And why is that?
Because he's an admirer of Beethoven.
In fact..., more than an admirer I'd say he's a fanatic!
Aaaaah!
"Here we go..."
What are you saying?
You killed the members of the quartet because they were drunk
when they went out to play a piece by Beethoven,
and that was an intolerable insult to the great composer.
You seriously injured Miss Kabe
because the last time they coincided in a concert
saw that they had radically opposite points of view.
She herself tells the story in detail
in this compilation of essays.
And she tried to get rid of Miss Akiba because at the rehearsal....
I just hope they don't sing the "Ninth".
I really can't stand it.
...dared to criticize Beethoven's "Ninth Symphony."
What does he think!
I like Beethoven very much, it's true,
and I admire him, but not to that extent!
I know I'm not wrong.
You wear a hairstyle identical to the one Beethoven wore.
I don't need any more proof.
Mo... Mouri!
What's wrong with me?
I've always worn my hair like that! -What?
Like my late mother.
And I can prove it to you.
(Takagi) Look!
- (Takagi) Wow, it's true! - (Sato) They're identical!
You see?
As for the quartet and Miss Akiba,
apart from Beethoven I don't have any other relationship with them.
And the Soko and I are professional colleagues.
It's true that sometimes we have opposing points of view
on interpretation, but these are professional discussions.
On a personal level, I have nothing against them.
Please don't say any more nonsense!
-No, if I... -Inspector.
I can't believe you've come to see me at this time of the night
to make me feel this nonsense.

As if they didn't know that tomorrow I have a very important concert.
Yes, you are absolutely right.
Now I have to ask you to leave.
After the concert we will talk about everything
and you can ask us as many questions as you want.
Oh, my goodness!
I still don't understand how I could have made such a mistake...
"And I don't understand how I could have been so convinced."
Mr. Takagi.
Have you regained your memory, Miss Kabe?
No, not yet.
She has regained her speech, but she says things that don't make much sense,
like the air conditioner has a tone that won't let her sleep.
And a lot of incoherent things like this.
"The sound of the air conditioner? What if it turns out...?"
-Make another stack with these. -Yes.
(Sonoko) The concert program will be the same,
and since the hall will be empty, we'll be able to choose the best seats.
There's nothing like being able to come to a dress rehearsal.
In concert we will be sitting up there.
I insisted a lot to the father.
How strong!
Have you reserved a box?
There are 10 seats, so we'll occupy the whole box.
What's that?
10 seats?
I took tickets for Dr. Agasa and the kids.
And also for Shinichi, Esclar.
What?
Won't you tell him?
Just pick up your ticket at the box office.
Leave him alone, that one! Let him know, will you!
It would be a shame to leave an empty seat.
All right, I'll tell him.
But I'd be very surprised if he came.
"I'm sorry, Ran."
The police don't know what happened yesterday, I know you didn't tell them anything.
I thank you sincerely.
You don't have to thank me at all.
What's hurting him too much, the leg?
No.
It won't bother me at all to sing.
Reiko.
Do you know if the Soko Kabe also has absolute hearing?
Well yes, I knew it when we met,
I guess that's why we're so close.
Why do you ask me that? No, not at all.
Ah.
Well, I'll leave you to it.
Yes.
I wish you luck for the concert.
"Both Reiko and Soko have absolute hearing." This means..."
Better not talk to him.
I've sent him a message.
Ah.
I hope he can finally get it together.
I don't care.
If he doesn't want to come, he can't come.
It is to take advantage of the entrance.
It's the same thing I told you before.
Oh, is that so?
We'll start without him.
-That there's a problem? -Ah, Mr. Mouri.
How's it going?
Mr. Müller hasn't arrived yet.
The organ tuner, you mean?
We agreed that he would come to the dress rehearsal
in case any last minute adjustments had to be made.
-He's left us hanging!
I've been calling him for a while and he won't answer his cell phone,
and your hotel told me they haven't seen you since last night.
What do you mean?
Since last night?
In fact, maybe it won't be necessary for him to come.
If in the end he doesn't show up, we'll get on without him.
But that means he's disappeared, doesn't it?
Shouldn't we call the police? No.
They'd start asking questions and asking more questions
and they'd waste too much of our time.
We can't afford any distractions, before the concert.
She looks much calmer, doesn't she? Yes.
("Ave Maria", J. S. Bach)

Wow...!

Ave Maria...
Gratia plena...
Dominus tecum...
This voice...!
Benedicta...
"How?"
...you in mulieribus....
(Sonoko) How well you have played, Miss Shion!
Oh, so much!
It had nothing to do with the last rehearsal.
Looks like she finally got the hang of the Stradivarius.
Don't be a wise guy! Ouch!
And Miss Akiba sang like an angel.
Yes.
Hey, Conan!
Hey, guys!
You're early.
It's just that if you're a minute late, they won't let you in.
We asked the doctor to take us in early.
Mm?
What's that, what's that you're carrying?
A recorder?
What's that on your head, sawdust?
Who would think of taking a recorder to a concert?
Don't scold him!
Since he can't speak, at least he will communicate through music.
Here's the problem...
During the concert he'll keep it in his pocket, of course.
Oi, Genta?
When you play this note, it means yes.
Put it away when we enter the auditorium.
And don't forget to turn off your cell phone.
You know it!
I've also made them leave their League badges behind.

Of course, we are very hungry.
Why don't we go for a snack? We're not hungry yet.
There's still a concert to go, and we can't have our stomachs rumbling.
(Flute)
Genta says he wants rice with eels.
It would be cool to have a conversation with the flute.
Man, the truth is that you can.
You just have to change the notes for letters.
-The notes... -... for letters.
-Oh, yeah? -I mean the Latin alphabet.
I don't think he learned it in Genta.
"That note has me worried..."
Hey, Ran.
I remembered I have to do something.
I'll be in my chair when the concert starts.
Wait a minute, Conan! He's always going his own way, this guy...
(A single note)


This note!
Don't you find it sounds strange?
Yes, I noticed it too.
It struck me while he was singing.
The problem is that I know what note it is,
but not which register lever it corresponds to.
There was more than one note sounding at a time.

It's a little low in pitch.
I'm sure it is.
The sound was coming from that area.
Maybe from one of the shorter tubes on the inside.
One of the tubes is slightly out of tune.
It should be adjusted before the concert.
But... Mr. Müller is still missing, isn't he?
Yes, he is.
We will notify Mr. Domotics.
(Door: call)
I don't think it's there.
You're right.
He must have gone to make a tea before the concert.
Maybe it's there...
I was surprised that you were able to identify that note.
Ha-ha-ha!
I have a very fine ear, me.
And something else, I'd say.
Could it be that you also have absolute pitch?
I wish...
Mr. domotics... he's not here either.
Mm... And you can't think where we might find him?
Let me think... Maybe he's gone to make some tea.
Aaaaaaaaaah! Eh?
(Rumor of voices)
(Loudspeaker: woman) "Ladies and Gentlemen. Attention, please."
"We remind you that smoking is forbidden..."
-She hasn't arrived yet, the Akiba? -No.
I called her, but she's not picking up.
I've got the whole staff looking for her in the area.
-She's missing too? -I don't know.
First Mr. Müller, and now her.
What the hell is going on?
We started here a quarter of an hour ago.
If we haven't found her yet then...
-I'll take over for her. -Huh?
I've been rehearsing nonstop since the bomb went off
and Miss Kabe is in the hospital.
You never know when your time might come.
Yeah, but it's just...
Please, maestro!
I assure you that I'll sing better than Miss Akiba.
It's not a matter of singing better or worse.
What is it?
Music is a conversation between man and God.
Sing as if you were praying.
You stood us up in the end, Shinichi.
And Conan, where did he go?
The concert is about to start.
It's true.
What's he doing, at Conan?
Don't worry, I'm sure he's fine.
-At least I trust him.
I-I do too.
Just as he has given us his trust,
we have to trust.
(He thinks) "Don't worry. Conan always comes through."
(Acoustic signal: melody)
(Speaker: woman) "Ladies and gentlemen. Attention, please."
"Due to an unforeseen circumstance,
Miss Reiko Akiba will not be able to perform tonight."
-What? - (audience: whispers)
"She will be replaced by Miss Lala Chigusa,
a ninth grader at the domotics music academy."
"We appreciate your understanding. We apologize for the inconvenience."
I don't understand!
But if she sang beautifully during the dress rehearsal?
Do you think Reiko and Shinichi are in trouble?
(Thinking) "A plastic sleeve? But what the...?!"
Reiko!
Reiko!
Ouch!
Oh!
Oh!
What?!
Where... Where are we? Down at the bottom of the canal.
The person who attacked us has left us in the auditorium pond
and the current has pushed us here.
But who could it have been? I don't know.
"And, above all, why did he go to the trouble of putting us in a boat?"
Be that as it may, we must hurry back.
The concert!
Even if we could swim across the canal,

that wall is too high to climb on it.
EEEEE!
EEEE!
EEEE!
EEEE!
It seems to me that there is no one.
Look, there!
Isn't that a phone on the wall?
If we could get there, we could call for help.
Just a moment!
We don't need to get to the phone, we just need to pick up the receiver.
And how do you plan to do that?
When you call with a keypad phone,
you feel tones that go "pi, po, pan", right?
It's what's known as a "tone dialing system".
It transmits the dialed phone number
using a combination of high and low frequencies.
If we emit the corresponding sounds, we can...
...dial 110 for emergencies!
The one is the combination of 697 and 1,209 Hertz in high and low frequency,
while zero is the combination of 941 and 1,336 hertz.
Understood.
I can reproduce ring tones from a telephone.
But how do we do it, to pick up the handset?
I'll take care of that.
But we can't fail.
When the handset is off-hook for too long,
the line is cut off and no more calls can be made.
So we only have one chance.
If we don't make it the first time,
we'll have to stay here until they come looking for us.
So let's not waste any more time.
We have to try!
Come on, let's go!
It's time to go back to the auditorium.
(clattering)
What was that? An explosion!
Something exploded! (explosion)
(explosion) Oh!
It's coming from the domotics auditorium!
It can't be!
We're in Nishitama, in the Forest of Music.
Just a few minutes ago there have been two explosions
on the façade of the domotics auditorium.
The explosions have taken place in the background and in the central part,
where the artists' entrance is located.
Only 5 minutes ago that the concert started, and...
(Shouting)
Another one! We continue!
Now the zero.


It will go well.
We bring the boat closer.
That's enough!
Let's stay here.
And how do you plan to pick up the receiver? Now you'll see.
- (phone: tuuuut) -Caramba!
Go ahead!
(3 different tones)
(Phone: ringtone)
(Woman) "You have called 110, what emergency do you have?"
What?
Reiko Akiba and Conan?
Yes, it looks like they have been attacked, they have been put in a boat?
and set them adrift.
They are now in Nishitama, at the lock control center.
(Helicopter: approaching)
It's them!
I see them!
It's them down there!
So, it was the auditorium!
Yes, there have already been more than 10 explosions,
all the outer pillars of the building.
We don't know anything else.
Someone has hidden bombs all over the building.
They're either timed or remote-controlled,
and I'm guessing the same thing did it that killed the quartet.
Sure.
The first murder was also committed with a bomb.
"Still, how come he didn't kill us....
and just got rid of us?"
"For her, maybe?" (Explosion, from afar)
Una altra.
Hey!
They haven't been able to contact anyone?
La Ran and everyone else is inside!
The phones don't work.
The killer must have cut the line.
And the cell phones? No cell phones either.
What?
Cell phones must be turned off for the duration of the concert.
Besides, there's no reception in the hall.
Still, I'm sure your friends are fine.
What?
The hall is completely soundproofed
and fireproofed.
They may not even have heard the explosions.
What?
So, they may not have stopped the concert?
Yes, that's very likely.
But... not all the bombs must be on the outside.
There must also be... inside.
Maybe they've already started exploding!
"Ran..."

Good evening, everyone
and welcome to the auditorium.
Soc at Kazuki domotics.
As you know, today finally this pipe organ....
-Hurry, hurry!
Come here! -Hurry up!
Where is the corporal?
Come on, hurry up, bring the hose!
(People: shouting)
Oh, my God!
The concert hall is the middle, it seems to be intact.
Surely the people in the audience is fine.
Do not sing victory, face.
What?

All access points from the outside are blocked.
It is impossible to rescue them! Oh, my word!
Besides, we don't know in what order the pillars will explode.
(Akiba) There are 23 exterior pillars in total.
I hope you don't intend to blow them all up!
Damn!
What do we do now?
-(Akiba) -We'll try to enter through the pillars.
If it's now, I can try, how do you see it?
The problem is that there is no flat surface to land on,
and I don't know if the roof will hold the weight of the helicopter.
Understood.
For now, try to get as low as you can.
We'll have to jump.
-I'll show you the way.
H-How?
It's not that easy to get down to the fourth floor.
-That's why I said so. -But we can't allow...
We can't start arguing now!
We must take advantage of this interval between explosions.
Go down a little further!
Lower!
Come closer!
A little more!
I can't go any lower!
There's too much current, I can't stabilize the helicopter.
If you want to jump, hurry!
Now it's your turn.
Conan, you stay in the helicopter, the pilot will take you to...
Co... Conan! I'm coming with you too!
I have to make sure that Ran and the others are all right!
Conan! Besides, I've seen the culprit's face.
I don't know if he's the one who planted the bombs.
I don't know if he's the one who planted the bombs,
but I saw his face when he attacked us.
It could be that it was inside the auditorium, right?
That's why...
Come on, jump at once!
I'm at my limit!
There's no time, he'll have to come with us.
-Takagi, hurry up! -I'm coming!
This is the way down to the fourth floor.
Well... But it was as easy as opening the door and going in!
I had to convince them to let me come.
-He did the same thing. What?
Is it true that you saw the culprit's face?

It looks like a lie!
Believe it or not, they haven't heard anything from here.
-No. We have to try to find the bombs.
It will be impossible to evacuate all these people at once.
Besides, if their goal is to destroy the building,
they must also have hidden a bomb in the concert hall.
Understood.
Conan, you stay here with Miss Akiba, okay?
Okay.
Som on her!

(Thinking) "Ran..."
"Wait for me."
(Wheels: squeak)
(Cracks)
The room!
What's going on in there?

"The culprit knew the structure of the auditorium very well
and knew where he had to hide the bombs."
"I am convinced it must be a member of the staff."

Sounds very strange, this note.
In domotics he didn't notice it.
On a piano he would have noticed it,
but he's only been playing the organ for two years and doesn't notice a different sound.
"A different sound...?"
"You can't work with amateurs
who do not know how to perceive the nuances of the sounds".
(He thinks) "That's what I meant."
"Miss Kabe perceived them perfectly,
because she has absolute hearing."
"Wait a minute! Then how come he...?"
"What if... what if he had been...?"
"In this case, how come the Reiko...?"
Mr. Soma was the son of a single mother who died 5 years ago.
"Now I understand! Mystery solved."
"But what is the relationship between the nuances of sounds and explosions?"

Hey, I just realized something.
Earlier, when the explosions have stopped,
it coincided with the welcome speech of in domotics, right?
Maybe he doesn't want people to feel the noise of the bombs.
"No, it's not because of that."
"While the music is playing, there are explosions."
"Sure! That's why that note sounds strange!"
Again!
How many times has it sounded, the note? What?
Since the concert started until now,
how many times has it sounded, this note?
Let's see, I would say... twice during the "Ave Maria",

During the "Cantata"... 10 times.

And... in this work it comes out 8 more times.
20 times in total.
So, there must still be 4 missing.
What?
The out-of-tune note is connected to the bombs.
That's why there hasn't been any explosion while Mr. domotics was saluting.

(Audience: applauds)
Outside the auditorium there are 23 pillars.

Therefore, in order to blow up all the pillars?
and destroy the concert hall,
it needs 24 explosions.

(Akiba) So...

Yes...

If we don't stop the concert before the note has sounded 4 more times,
the bomb hidden in the hall will explode.

(Akiba) Again! Damn it!
This note is the one that triggers the bombs.
I am convinced that the culprit is in here,
watching it closely.

It's ringing again!
"I've already found him. I knew it was him."
Listen to me.
I'll go out on stage and stop the concert.
Stop!
If we rush, he'll set off the bomb by remote control.
I just saw it, it has a remote control.
But...
(thinks) "Wow! What do I do now?"
"Isn't there any way to stop the concert without attracting attention?"
"Isn't there any way to make him hesitate because he doesn't press the button?"
(Akiba) 3 minutes.
Is 3 minutes enough for you?
(Akiba) What?
Yes, but...

Well, I leave it in your hands, young detective.

(Reiko) Amazing...
...Grace,
(Audience: whispers)
how sweet the sound
that saved a Wretch like me...
Oh!
It's Reiko!
This song... It's "Amazing Grace", isn't it?
And once was lost,
but now I'M found.
Was blind, but now...
...I see.
What does it do?

(Akiba and Lala: singing two different songs at the same time)

(Organ: "Amazing Grace")

Amazing Grace...
how sweet the sound
that saved a Wretch like me...
And once was lost,
but now I'M found.
Was blind, but now... I see.

(Think) "The woman who sang that day was the Reiko!"

He should have undone it before.
He is not able to.
He can't get rid of that voice that goes all the way to his heart.
That's why he has so many doubts, isn't it?
Besides,
this song was one of your son's favorite songs,
in Hikaru Soma.
And she... is the woman his son loved.

The key to the mystery has been the nuances.
At first I thought
that the note sounded strange because it was out of tune,
but that's not why.
Inside one of the pipes of the organ
a tiny sensor is installed that detects the passage of air.
That is why the sound coming out of that pipe sounds slightly distorted.
When the note sounds and the sensor detects the passage of air, it sends a signal to the pumps that you use,
it sends a signal to the bombs you hid all over the building
and sets them off.
When the last bomb goes off, the one in the room, the entire auditorium collapses,
the entire auditorium will collapse.
During the dress rehearsal, there was no explosion....
because I had not yet activated the detonators of the bombs.
Am I wrong..,
director of the domotics auditorium and former piano tuner..,
Mr. Takumi Fuwa?

-Neither is he... What a mess!
At the rate we're going, the bomb will explode before we've found it...
-Xxxt!
Silence! - (knocking)
Do you feel that noise?
(thumps)
(Blows)
(Guns: CLEC)
(BANGING)
Hands up! -Police!
(Sato) Don Müller!
...how sweet the sound...
(Fuwa) How did you know?
How did you find me out?
For absolute hearing.
You have absolute hearing,
but during the rehearsal you pretended you didn't notice
that there was a note out of tune.
I noticed it and found it strange.

I understand it now.
And how did you find out, that I'm Hikaru's father?
For the license plate on his car, 5-2-8-3.
It matches the date of birth of his secret son.
It was a way of demonstrating
the bond he had with his son without anyone knowing about it.
Also, at Mr. Domotics' house,
I saw a picture of you when you were young.
Your son looked very much like you.
You murdered the members of the piano quartet
to avenge your son who died in an accident.
And you left the 3 parts of a flute on the stages
to make the police believe that there would be no more murders.
He made sure that the Soko Kabe was involved
and was severely injured because she also has absolute hearing
and he was afraid that he would detect the out-of-tune note.
A person who is afraid of absolute hearing
can only be a person with absolute hearing.
In this sense, all the clues were pointing to you.
And the Reiko Akiba... was the other person who had absolute hearing.
(Music: inaudible)
But as it was the promise of her late son,

could not get rid of her with a bomb that would have endangered her life.
that would have endangered her life.
So he put an irritant in her tea and attacked her with a truck and an air rifle.
and attacked her with a truck and an air rifle.
The only thing he wanted to do was to prevent her from going on stage.
He didn't mean to kill her,
just to make her hoarse or break her leg.
Was blind, but now... I see.

(Organ)
He's improvising!

He's played it!

He missed it!
How can it be?
The bomb will not explode.
Before coming to talk to you, I went through the organ...
and took out the sensor that was hidden in the pipe.
Three minutes.
In fact, I had enough with two.
(Applause: continues)
I'm impressed.
What did you tell me your name was?
Conan Edogawa.
Detective.
(applause) Bravo!
Bravo, bravo!
Bravo, bravo, bravo, bravo, bravo!
It's over there.
He's got the remote in his hand.
(Takagi) Just as we suspected, it's him!
What do we do now?
Do we go in before he can press the button?
What are you talking about!
If we go in all at once, he'll press the button so he can see us.
And how can we stop him?
From there.
We can try from that market.
Try what?
Shoot him before he sets off the bomb.
Unfortunately, young detective,
I can set off the bomb with this remote.
Remember game.
We'll see.
It is not known yet.
What is not known?
I don't quite understand how he got into the auditorium,
but I imagine that if the police have not yet evacuated the public,
it's because the building is surrounded by a sea of flames,
just as I had planned.
I didn't plan for you to find the sensor, but... never mind.
Now I will be able to set off the bomb at the time I deem most appropriate.
At the very least, I will grant you the pleasure...
of bidding you farewell to the world of the living during a concert.
(CLEC)
(Thinks) "Of course it doesn't work!"
The pleasure of dying while you play in front of everyone
this organ you love so much,
Kazuki domotics.
It's on Conan!
I can't do it.
I can't shoot!
Come on.
Seat before the organ and continue playing, domotics.
"If I can't use the anesthetic darts, we're doomed."
"Stand back, Conan! Please!"
(Applause: they don't stop.)
-Let-me-la! Hey, my flute!
I have a voice!
Very good, that's the way I like it.
"Oysters, no!"
So long, young detective.
You can't do it!
Eh?
Eh? (Laughs)

Mi, la, la, la, la, la, ago...
"SHOOT A SHOOT!"
Huh?
What was that?
It's the whistle at the end of the partit.
What are you calling?

Police!
Don't move!
I'm the one who lost.

Mr. Fuwa, where is the missing bomb?
Above the stage, hidden in the ceiling.
-Yes, sir, Takagi. Yes!
Can you do me a favor?
I'd like to see the end of the concert, won't you let me?
Then I'll tell you everything you want to know.

Understood.
We've been able to put out the flames of this band, soon we'll be able to...
Inspector!
They have opened an access to the east facade.
Let's go then.
I'll call you later.

Tell me.
How did you decide to destroy the auditorium?
I've spent 35 years working...
as a piano tuner for Kazuki domotics.
Together we've come a long way.

Until one day, two years ago,
he suddenly decided he was quitting the piano.

"Then he offered me the position as director of the domotics auditorium,
which was to be completed in two years' time."
I could have turned down the offer, of course.
He could have continued working as a piano tuner.
"But after 35 years tuning Kazuki's domotics piano," he said,
"A brilliant pianist of international fame,
I didn't feel like going to work for anyone else."
My pride would not have allowed it.
Turns out I'm just a simple craftsman, me.
I didn't feel qualified to conduct an auditorium.
I fell into a pit I couldn't get out of.

(Applause)
Two years ago my wife died,
and last year I lost my son in an accident.
Then, when I also lost my job,
which was the only one that still gave meaning to my life,
"I didn't have anything worthwhile left."
Even the music I loved so much

had become a horrible dissonance
that echoed in my head.
Yes.
I felt it even in my sleep.
One night, I woke up with a start because of a nightmare...
and I made the decision.
I wanted to get rid of it all
and to make the nights silent again.
To eliminate the musicians who had taken my son,
the egoist of domotics and this auditorium and the organ,
that had made him lose interest in the piano.
I also wanted to destroy the lives of the musicians
and the people from all over the world who had come to hear today's concert.
I told domotics
that I accepted the position of auditorium director.
In order to gain access to the organ
and hide the bombs all over the building,
I thought I would have a much easier time as director.
On the other hand, I felt too sorry for that piano....
that Mr. domotics had abandoned as he had abandoned me.
What do you mean...?
You mean...?
When he blew up the study room where the piano was,
he did it because he couldn't bear to see it abandoned.
Gentlemen, this is all I had to say.
Now...
(CLEC)
Have domotics come in right away.
Mr. Fuwa, don't be nervous.
Don't worry.
This is for suicide, I have no intention of hurting anyone.
Conan.
I have to ask you to leave.
Yes, man!
You think you're going to die without receiving any punishment for the crimes you've committed?
I won't let you in any way! Conan!
Mr. Fuwa, don't do anything foolish!
Silence!
Go look in domotics!
My friend...
I was told you wanted to talk to me.
Wait!
I have to apologize.
I didn't treat you with the consideration you deserved.
Now do you realize?
You don't know how I suffered because of your selfishness...
You're wrong, my friend.
Do you want to know why I decided to quit the piano?
Because I realized that I could no longer tune as accurately as I used to.
What? I didn't want to hurt your pride.
I didn't want to hurt your pride,
so I didn't feel like telling you.
And I also didn't feel like starting to work
with any other tuner than you.
So, I decided to quit the piano.
No way!
But I have an absolute ear, me!
I don't doubt that.
I know, that you have absolute pitch.
But it's a sense that has deteriorated over time.
Sometimes you took for good
some notes that were not quite in tune.
That's not true.
It can't be, it can't be.
It can't be!
After all that has happened,
I realize that I should have told you the truth before.
That's why I apologize.
It's too late to apologize!
It was all your fault!
(Sonoko) It's not true.
If something similar had happened to me with my best friend,
I would have come to the conclusion that she had no choice but to act like that.
That she did it for my sake, thinking more of me than of herself,
and that at no time did she intend to make a personal profit.
This is what I would think.
Because... I know I can trust my friend.
I would think the same.
From inside we didn't hear any explosions...
We didn't notice anything.
It looks like Conan has helped the police solve the case.
I knew it, me!
I already told you, that it would work out.
I'm surprised that Shinichi understood the message
you sent him with the flute.
They often do that in detective novels,
substituting musical notes for letters.
In the German system, the B corresponds to the H,
but Shinichi knows that my mother is English
and immediately put her head together.
It didn't take him long to figure out that I was using the English system,
in which the B is replaced by the letter B.
As for the rest, it was just a matter of trusting his absolute hearing.
It seems unbelievable...
(He thinks) "And I trust him too, of course."
"He's my partner."
Well, I was convinced that it had been the Beethoven fan....
Let it go, Father, really.
By the way, Ran.
We haven't seen the last of your detective friend's hair.
Ah, Shinichi?
I don't care, that's up to him.
Hey, Conan, we're leaving.
Where has he gone?
But a moment ago I had him next to me!
(Violin: "Amazing Graze")
Oh, my...


Do you feel... the music? What?

Yes!
It's a violin.
It's "Amazing Grace", isn't it?
No, I meant... the way you play.
I don't understand you...

Shinichi? Ran, where are you going?

Shinichi?
Shinichi!
Shinichi's had to leave.
What?
Conan! He was busy.
So it's true that he came? Yes.
He explained that, when he heard Reiko singing,
he remembered what happened 3 years ago.
He said that he took a violin from the academy at that time
and played the song that you felt.
He played it for you, so that you could feel it in person.
Shinichi told me... he didn't get along with you very well.
What? That you two had a fight?
Ah... No...
It doesn't matter.
"By now, I've long since forgiven him..."
"That he's a donkey!"
Natsu no otoshimono.
Kimi to sugoshita Hibi.
Araitate no shatsu no Younis egao,
ima mo wasurerarenai...
Mayonaka koe ga kikitakunatte,
muishiki ni daiyaru mawasu.
Dakedo, hanasu Yuuki ga nakute.
Setsunasa dakishimeta.
Tsubasa wo hirogete,
tabidatsu kimi ni.
Sotto eeru wo okurou.
Dare no tame janaku
tada kimi no tame...
Aishiteta yo...

Nagisa de Futari sun goes down,
nomikake no kan juusu.
Kata wo yosete yume katariatta,
ano hay wo mitsumeteta...
Friday night... kimi no heya he tono isogu.
Itsumo no boku ha mueve INAI.
Sawagu hitokage kyuukutsuna michi,
machi ha buruusu sano!
Tsubasa wo hirogete tabidatsu kimi ni,
sotto eeru wo okurou...
Dare no tame janaku
tada kimi no tame aishiteta yo!

Tsubasa wo hirogete
tabidatsu kimi ni,
sotto eeru wo okurou...
Dare no tame janaku
tada kimi no tame
aishiteta yo!

This... is where we used to come.
We used to walk around here when we went out together.
Of course, now I understand everything!
The spring she had the accident,
she would come alone in this place full of memories
and sang her favorite song.
You mean "Amazing Grace," right?
Yes.
At the beginning, I also resented those four musicians very much.
So much so that I would have killed them myself.
But... I forgave them.
In the end, "Amazing Grace" is a song about forgiveness.
Guys, I have to go.
Conan, we'll do a duet again.
What?
Good-bye. Good-bye.
A reveure.
Fins soon.
Tell me something, Ran.
How did you know it was Shinichi, the one playing the violin that night?
What was it?
Ah!
Because he has a funny way of playing and I recognized him.
Oh, right.
"(Violin:" Amazing Grace ")"

(At the same time) A curious way of playing?

