(Ship: mermaid)
(Ship: siren)
(Radio: a man speaks)
(Radio: a man speaks) Eh?
Attention, iceberg in sight!
Turn to port!
(Radio) Captain!
(Radio: Captain!)
Are you all right?!
Excuse me, sir.
(Man) Huh?
Captain, uh...
Captain... Captain...
Captain! Captain! Captain!
The ship is sinking!
- (door closes) -Huh?
First... officer.
How precious.
Yes.
I love the sunset.
I wish Shinichi could see it.
Eh?
(Thinking) "I'm looking at it."
Eh!
What-what are you doing?
Nothing, it's just that you can see her better.
Yes.
"It's true that I can see her better, but it's a bit violent."
(Ayumi) Hey!
We got you, Conan!
No.
(Ayumi) Ah!
Let me go, Ran, let me go!
-We've seen it all! -Yes, we saw it! -Yes, we saw it!
Yes, the Ran was spoiling you again.
And now.
It's your imagination.
Well, you've turned very red.
What are you saying?
You must be feeling the sunset.
Eh? (Genta) It's true.
He has become like a tomato! It's not!
What are you saying?!
(Shinichi) "And now. It's your imagination."
What are you saying?!
Ah you must feel for the sunset.
That's what that cop said.
What?
What are you saying?
Nothing.
Not nothing.
You did say something.
Tell me.
No, I didn't say anything.
That's because you don't want to tell me.
DETECTIVE CONAN
STRATEGY ON THE DEEP
My name is Shinichi Kudo and I am a teenage detective.
One day, I went to the amusement park with Ran Mouri,
my best friend and classmate,
and I witnessed a suspicious exchange
between two men dressed in black.
I was so focused on watching those two men,
that I didn't notice another one behind me.
He made me swallow a poison and when I woke up....
(Conan voice)... my body had shrunk!
If they found out that Shinichi Kudo was still alive,
they would want to kill me and the lives of those around me would be in danger.
That's why Dr. Agasa advised me
to hide my identity.
When the Ran asked me what my name was,
I thought to tell her that I called myself Conan Edogawa.
Since Ran's father is a detective,
I decided to go live with them
to get information about the Men in Black.
Genta Kojima, from the first B class of Teitan Elementary School.
Mitsuhiko Tsuburaya, first B class.
Ayumi Yoshida.
(Genta) And with my subordinate, at Conan...
(Ayumi) And the Ay...
We are the Junior Detective League!
This is the pin of the Junior Detective League,
which also has a built-in transmitter.
Yes, that's true, but it's also a pager.
And that you see here is a flashlight watch.
It's super cool, because it's waterproof and, on top of that, it's also submersible.
All these great inventions are the work of Dr. Hiroshi Agasa.
Dr. Agasa has also created other inventions for me,
which are adapted to my shrunken body.
Such as the "voice-transforming loop" and the "dart-triggering watch".
and the "anesthetic dart trigger watch".
Which are the ones I use
to work with the famous Sleeping Kogoro detective.
Oh, by the way, Ai Haibara has always been very reserved....
and, for the age she is, she seems very mature.
Yes, you're absolutely right.
Actually, this girl's name is Shiho Miyano.
She had been part of the Men in Black Organization,
but, in order to escape, she took the same substance...
that was given to me, and her body also shrank.
Now, in fact, I am no longer a teenage detective.
I have become a child detective.
I continue to solve the most complicated mysteries,
and searching for information on the Men in Black Organization.
By the way....
Kogoro should try a little harder to solve some cases.
I'm small, but I have the brains of an adult!
A detective who solves mysteries!
There is only... one truth!
(Voices murmur)
Wow, that's amazing!
-That's amazing! -Yeah, what did you think?
Don't you know that the Yashiro Group
is one of the most important companies in the world?
Besides, he thinks this is the first luxury cruise ship...
that the company has decided to launch.
It was expected that they would make a ship like this.
Excuse me.
You're Mr. Mouri, right?
-Yes. -Benvingut on board.

We are finishing setting the table for you.
I'll be right back for you.
What do you have in your hand, Dr. Agasa? What?
This device?
It's an ordinary tape recorder.
I carry it with me in case I get ideas
ideas that I can use to create new inventions.
Oh, yes, by the way, now that I'm talking about new inventions.
Look, cufflinks with a built-in microphone...
that you can listen to from your glasses.
They look pretty cool.
Ah!
Yeah, they're pretty cool.
Ah!
Cufflinks!
Look how nice!
I'll put them on right now.
But they are... Shut up, you fool!
Don't you know that these things can only be worn by old people,
not little kids like you?
You're still too small to wear these jewels.
But father, these buttons are... It's all right, Ran, let it be.
"Anyway, I doubt they'll do me any service, here."
(Man) Mr. Mouri!
You're the famous detective, aren't you, Kogoro Mouri?
-Yes, I am myself. -Fantastic!
"What does this one want?"
Pleased to meet you.
My name is Hironari Kusaka, I'm a screenwriter and a great admirer of yours.
Nice to meet you, then.
By the way, this is Miss Minako Akiyoshi.
She's a naval designer for the Yashiro Group,
and she is the person who decided to christen this spectacular cruise ship...
this spectacular cruise ship.
It is a pleasure to meet you, Mr. Mouri.
The... the pleasure is mine.
Wow!
How beautiful she is! God-hay-do.
Excuse me.
Mr. Mouri...?
Sorry for the wait.
The table is ready.
-You may now... -(kusabi) Excuse me.
Can you add two more chairs?
If you don't mind Mr. Mouri...
-Go ahead, then.
(Sonoko) Don't you think it's a bit strange, your father?
Why do you say that?
Because under normal circumstances he would have said:
"Ah, Aphrodite, the goddess of love and beauty!
I must confess that she does more for you
than for this ship, this name."
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha!
Normally you would have said that, wouldn't you?
Surely, it's because Minako looks a lot like my mother.
That's true.
Yes.
Now that you mention it, you're right.
"In other words, she's the kind of woman that scares Kogoro."
The truth is, I'm here because right now I'm writing the script
for a series set on a luxury cruise ship.
That's why I've asked Miss Akiyoshi for help.
Isn't that right?
-Yes, yes. -Of course, I understand.
And I imagine, Mr. Mouri,
that you've been invited to the cruise, too,
or maybe you came to solve a case?
No, we came because we were invited.
No, in fact, it's not exactly like that. Eh?
What do you mean?
Well, actually,
the ones who received the invitation were Sonoko's parents.
Her father is the president of the famous Suzuki Financial Group.
But my parents were too busy,
they couldn't come and they asked me if I wanted to come,
but I thought the trip would be more fun with friends.
And he asked if they could give him 8 more invitations so we could all come.
Ah.
Now I'm starting to get all tied up.
I only came as the person in charge of the whole group.
Yes, of course.
Now I understand.
What exactly is this series you're writing about?
I know what it's about!
I'm sure it's about a cruise ship that's going around the world!
-That would be fantastic! -Yes, eh yes ?!
Yes, maybe it's a similar story to the Titanic,
and it ends up sinking during the crossing.
But-but... what do you say?!
By the way, now that you comment on this,
I heard that years ago a ship of the Yashiro Group sank
because it hit an iceberg.
-Is that true? -Yes.
It was the winter of 15 years ago, to be precise.
I seem to remember they said it was the captain's fault,
that one crew member was killed and that, in the end,
the captain ended up going down with the ship.
What do you really mean?
What will we do if this ship sinks too?
Yes, what will we do?
I can only swim 7 meters.
No need to worry.
The captain of the Aphrodite is a very competent man,
and there aren't usually icebergs in this area.
Yeah, but if the cruise ship were to sink,
I'm sure the first ones saved would be that pair over there.
Eh? Eh?

(Ayumi) Isn't that Mr. Niimi, the former prime minister?
That's right.
And his wife.
But there are also more famous people.
Look at them!
If it isn't the Uruwashi sisters!
What bodies they have!
They are spectacular!
You can tell.
They are special guests of the president of the Yashiro Group.
By the way, speaking of the king of Rome...
He is the president and head of the Yashiro family.
She is accompanied by her daughter, the Takae Yashiro,
the CEO of the Yashiro Group.
Come to think of it,
I would say that Mrs. Takae Yashiro's husband
died a few days ago in a car accident.
Oh, did he?
I didn't know that.
Yes.
Professor Hideto Yashiro.
He was my superior
and also the project leader of the construction of this cruise ship.
You are right, I remember him too.
They said he had a heart attack while driving,
lost control of the car and fell off a cliff.
Ah, look!
It's the captain!
How elegant!
Yes, that's the captain, in Wataru Kaido.
He was also the first mate of the ship we were talking about,
which sank 15 years ago when it hit an iceberg.
So, there's something you're not convinced about?
What, about Hideto Yashiro's fatal accident?
Yes, I don't quite see clearly...
that he had a heart attack in the car after leaving home.
But according to the scientist's analysis,
I understand they didn't find anything suspicious.
Yes, that's true, but... Very good, very good.
If it's not clear to you, it's okay to review it.
I'll tell the scientist to let you recheck all the evidence.
Thank you very much, sir.
Of that, if you want, Sato, I can give you a hand.
If you haven't finished making the reports yet.
Hey, Chiba.
You come with me.
Ah, all right.
All right, now that we all have our glasses full...
Excuse me, Mr. Kogoro, won't you let me do it?
Very well, then.
For starters, we'll toast to this fun cruise,
but we also toast
to the Ran winning the Kanto karate championship.
Eh? Oh!
Oh!
-(all) Cheers! - (all) Cheers!
(all) Thank you very much.
You could have saved it.
Hey, Ran, listen.
If you're going to win a karate championship, you must be really good!
And the Kanto championship is one of the most important.
It's amazing, unbelievable, mind-blowing!
What's that? By the way...
I guess he must have given you a present, Shinichi.
Shinichi?
No, he just said: "Really? Ah, that's nice."
No... he didn't say anything else?
No, he's always too busy with his research...
and preoccupied with his cases.
"But as Conan I did congratulate you a lot of times."
-Ah!
How fed up I've become! How good it was, wasn't it, the steak?
-I'd eat one every DAY. And for dessert, what's for dessert?
-Huh?
You're not feeling well? -Yes...
Yes, but now I'm feeling a little dizzy.
Yes, I'm a little dizzy too.
Father, maybe you don't drink anymore.
It's, you're not my mother.
Ah.
He's a very interesting man, yes,.......
No, I was going to say he's a drunk.
If you don't mind, I think I'll go and rest in my cabin.
-If you need anything... -No.
I've got medicine, in the cabin.
-Good night. -Au, have a good night.
"But what have you seen?"
Father, are you sure you're all right?
Yes, I'm sure.
In Kogoro Mouri's a joke.
Don't worry, Ran, it's not that serious.
All we have to do is put him to bed.
I'm sorry, Ran.
So, you'll escort him, the father, to his cabin?
And so on.
Excuse me, eh, doctor?
-It's all right, it's all right.
N-No, nothing's wrong.
Oh...
Apa, good night, everybody.
Come in, doctor.
Thank you.
We're leaving too.
D'acord.
- "So, will you accompany him...-...the father, to his cabin?"
-What...? - Hello!
-I came to see you. -What are you all doing here?
It's just that we thought that together we could give a present to the Ran
for winning the karate championship.
-With this? -Aren't they pretty?
We picked them up on the island we visited this afternoon.
We thought we'd make her a gold medal and give it to her as a gift.
Shinichi didn't give her anything,

and it looks a little sad to us.
I'm sure it will turn out very well.
I was just going to take a shower.
You're going to take a shower?!
Why?
You want to come take a shower with me?
Ah!
No!
(Woman) I confirm tomorrow's schedule.
Breakfast will be served at 7 am.
It will be a continental breakfast and you will be taken to the cabin.
After that, at 9 o'clock,
Mrs. Takae has a squash match with Mrs. Niimi.
(Natsuho) "I have reserved them the court on deck number 7."
(Natsuho) "At five-thirty at 10, Mr. Yashiro....
(Natsuho) "He has a meeting with Mr. Niimi."
"It will be in the billiard room on deck number 3."
"After the squash match,
Mrs. Takae will return to the cabin and prepare to go to..."
How nice it is, here!
Yes.
It's great to be able to have tea here, with the sea breeze.
Ah... It's a delight to be here.
Yes, yes, a delight.
I'm sure it's a delight.
If you'd like to join me, please...
It's the runway on deck number 7.
Aaaah!
Have you seen the legs that Mrs. Takae Yashiro has?
She doesn't look anything like a 50 year old woman!
Father!
Will you please behave yourself for once?!
Don't you think it's time, now, Dr. Agasa?
Yes, tell us one of your riddles.
Sooner or later you'll give us one.
Tell us now.
"It's very well that they do what they want, with him."
(Agasa) As I see that you are so eager,
I will propose a riddle related to this cruise.
Imagine that Genta has had to go to the ship's infirmary because he is not feeling very well.
because he is not feeling very well.
Who is the wise man who can tell me what happened to him?
Option A: he ate too much and got a stomach ache.
Option B: he was running, tripped and twisted his ankle.
Option C:
he has been sunbathing too long and got sunstroke.
Come on, which is the correct option?
Knowing Genta, I'd say it should be option A.
No way!
It can't possibly be A.
No matter how much I eat, I never have a stomach ache.
Well, I know what it is.
So do I.
But you mean it's not difficult, this riddle, for them?
You must know a lot of English... Shut up, Sonoko!
English, you say?!
Is it a play on English words?
Yes, specifically with the word "ship".
With "ship"?
I know, then!
It's the B: he hurt his ankle!
"Ship" in Japanese is "bandage".
And they put a bandage on his ankle.
Yes, that's right.
I could have made the pun with "friendship" as well,
or even with the word "gosship".
"You don't say 'gosship', it's called 'gossip'."
Let's meet at 10. Bye.
- (Ayumi) God-hay-do the riddle .- (Genta) It was very complicated.
Let's see if the next one makes it a little easier.
-In the end I guessed it, that's why.
En-Yes, of course, for that have helped you.
-Escolteu. -What?
When should we give it, what, to the Ran?
I have it here.
Shall we give it now?
No.
Let's see what you think of this idea?
What's that?
Let's get another round of drinks?
Yes, we will.
N'haurem take many, that's why.
We can bring them on a tray.
Yes, or ask a waiter to help us.
There are some good-looking ones.
-Let's help them too.
Y-Yes, let's get drinks!
I'm still not sure which juice I'll choose...
-Come on, let's go! -Let's go!
How come these three are so happy?
Eh?
"I know the secret from 15 years ago."
"At 10:15 go down to the lower deck."
I can see that.
He had just left his house
and drove the car off this cliff.
Right.
Let's go down to the house and have a look.
All right, then.
What do you feel like doing now?
It's a bit cool to go for a swim.
Nothing, I'm going to change.
What?
Why do you have to change?
Because the Uruwashi sisters
invited me to go to their cabin!
What?!
They want me to tell them anecdotes about the famous detective Kogoro Mouri.
Apa, see you later.
He always liked to show off, your father.
What I don't understand is when he was invited.
Better to let it go.

Do you feel like playing a game?
Yes, I want to play hide and seek.
-Yes, it can be a lot of fun. Yes, let's play in it!
Do you want to play hide and seek?
How many memories!
We always played, when we were little.
In the park, in my house..., in a lot of places.
And I remember that once we also played at school.
Yes?
I don't remember.
I'm sorry, but I'll pass.
What?
Come on, Conan, just for a while.
It's not right!
You always do that to us!
Come to think of it, Shinichi didn't want to play either, that day.
Alright, come on, let's play hide and seek!
Yes, at least this way we'll kill some time.
-And you, doctor? -I have an appointment for a massage.
And you're too old to play.
Well, let's decide the rules.
The time limit is 30 minutes.
It's valid for all decks, from 1 to 7.
But you can't go into the cabins
or in places where it says "authorized personnel only".
And you can't hide in the toilets either.
Is that clear?
Very clear!
Very well, then.
We decided to see who would stop.
Rock, paper, scissors, one-two-three!
Oh...
Parents you, Sonoko.
Oh!
I can't stop by myself!
The boat is huge!
How can I find 6 people in 30 minutes?!
It's impossible!
What do you think, then, if we decide to stop for two people?
-Two people can't stop.
W-Why not?
That way it will be different.
Yes, let's see who the other one is?
-It's a pleasure. -Yes, likewise.
(thinks) "He-he-he. It's a unique combination."
Ah, yes.
Let me have your Junior Detective League pin.
Yeah, man!
Why is that?
Well, because being two of us, we should know the people we're meeting...
With the pin, at least we can communicate.
Okay, but don't lose it.
First we'll leave at 5
and you start looking for us at 9:50.
If you find us before 10:20, you will have won.
Perfect!
We will win for sure!
I'm sorry, it's impossible to beat us, because...
Because we have on Conan! "If you say so..."
-Come on, let's start! -Yes, we run to hide! -Yes, we run to hide!
-Come on, let's go! -Run, run!
I'll see you!
(I'll find you before time runs out!
(Sonoko) What?
Do you think he'll have found it by now, Ran?
No, I'm sure you'll find him while we're playing hide-and-seek.
-I'm sure he will! -Well, you're in for a big surprise!
Give it to me!
Bad place to hide.
-What time does the movie start? -Wasn't it at 10?
-Come on, come on! -Mail, hurry up!
Yes, it starts!
I failed.
Now!
What a rage!
I still can't believe I had to stop.
Man, once in a while it's not so bad to be the one who's looking for you.
-What? -It's been 5 minutes.
I'm searching from deck number 5 up.
You do the others.
I'll do the others.
Hey, Kudo.
Hello.
Hi, Haibara.
What are you doing?
You forgot you're playing hide-and-seek?
I've got you.
One, two, three, Genta!
How did you find me?
Because usually, people who like to eat a lot,
hide in places where there's usually food.
Ah!
You scared me.
I see that the clothes are from Dr. Agasa,
but instead of hiding you, it's actually giving you away.
One, two, three, Ayumi!
I thought it would be a good place to hide.
You're very green.
In fact, you still have 10 years to go before you can keep up with me.
(Phone)
(Phone)
(Minako) Hello?
"Hello, Miss Akiyoshi. This is Hironari."
-Hello. Okay, let's get down to business.
I'll start with the characters, then.
Nanami Okazaki, 20 years old assistant of the luxury cruise ship Sazan Cross.
Now I'll give you a summary of the plot.
"In the Nanami Okazaki was very fond of the sea,
"In fact, she was captivated by it since she was very young,
she loved the majesty of the great oceans..."
It was easy to find them.
On the other hand, the missing one...
I already knew it would not be easy, to find the queen of the "hide and seek".
What a ?
Is she that good, Ran, playing hide and seek?
Yes, Ran is like a ninja.
Or does she know any elementary school child
who can climb on the roof or dive through the ponds?
-Climbing on the roof? -And dive through... ponds?
How strong!

"As a little girl I was already a girl with a lot of energy."
We still have 12 minutes left.
Are we going to look for her?
We're not.
She's not here either.
It's 10:11. Only 9 minutes left.
(Humming)

Uruwashi sisters, I am Kogoro Mouri!
I will avenge my father!
Ah! (Mitsuhiko)
(Mitsuhiko) We're starting the countdown!
Five seconds left!
(Mitsuhiko) Four!
(Mitsuhiko) Three!
(Mitsuhiko) Two!
One!
Zero!
-Hail!
We have guanyaaat! -Viscaaa!
(Mitsuhiko) We won thanks to the Ran ninja.
-Yes, lucky her. See, she's already here!
Bravo! (Mitsuhiko)
Very good!
Very good, Ran! I told you, we'd win.
What's that?
Will you tell us where you've been hiding?
What I'll tell you is that you've spent all your time playing soccer.
I know all about it, me, Conan.
It looks like you haven't found it yet.
-Well, it's very strange. You mean it doesn't take too long?
Strange he hasn't returned the Sonoko.
Oh!
It's so cold!
Oh.
Eh?
I'm... inside a box?
Ah! (Laughs)
Aah!
Help me!
Somebody help me!
Somebody help me!
- (transmitter: acoustic signal) -Eh?
Oh!
"Help me! Come help me!"
It's Sonoko.
Sonoko, tell us what's wrong!
"Help me! Help me!"
Take it easy, Sonoko.
You have to tell us where you are.
"I'm locked inside some kind of box somewhere on the ship...
but I don't quite know where."
Wait, Sonoko!
You're not feeling well!
Say it again!
"Come and help! I'm so scared! Come and help! It's cold."
(Think) "What? There's no battery left?"
"Sure, it must have been then. That must be it."
What are you saying, Sonoko, that it's cold?
You said it's cold?
In the cold room!
(Cooks: talking at once)
Hey!
Where do you think it's going?!
Where is the cold room? The room...?
Tell us where it is, hurry!
My friend is in danger!
They are on the lower deck.
Oysters!
There are so many!
Which one is it? We separate selected and look for it!
Okay, Sonoko?!
Are you here, Sonoko?!
-Eeei! -Hey, Sonoko!
Sonoko!
Are you here?!
Sonoko!
Where are you?!
Nothing, she's not in this one... Let's go in.
-What cold it was. -Yes, I was freezing.
Hey, Sonoko!
Can you feel me?!
"Oysters... Where can it be? Where can it be?"
So long, I might have frozen to death already.
But how can you even think of saying such things?!
I-and where can there be another place that is as cold as here?
"Death...?"
Of course!
I know where it is!
(Genta) There's also a morgue, on this cruise ship?
I wouldn't have said so.
It's heavy.
Sonoko!
Sonoko! Tell them to take her to the infirmary!
Ah... I've come back to life!
Don't worry, it's not serious.
When you've warmed up and the shock has passed,
you'll be able to start moving and live a normal life.
Thank you, doctor, thank you very much.
In the end it was nothing.
"Anyway..."
-Who must have played this joke on you? -What, what joke?
How can you say it was a joke?
It's obvious that this was an assassination attempt.
-They'll report it to the police! -All right.
All right, tell me exactly what happened.
Do you know where you were attacked?
On the lower deck.
I went down to get the Ran,
but someone hit me with an object in the back.
And then I fainted.
Did you see the attacker's face? Mm...
I would say I saw him, but I don't remember now.
-Do you know what time it was? -Yes, that I do remember.
It was 11 minutes past 10. "Eleven minutes past ten."
Actually, it makes quite a lot of sense, all of it.
It's not that far from here to the mortuary.
What I don't understand is how anyone could have any reason to attack the Sonoko.
This is President Yashiro's metal fan.
How did it end up down here?
-Don't work. -Mr. Mouri!
The captain told me that the police...
Do you know, that this is president Yashiro's cabin?
Yes.
The Uruwashi sisters told me earlier.
By the way, I saw someone coming out of this cabin before.
-From the president's? -I couldn't see his face.
"He was wearing a sweatshirt with the hood up."

"What time was it?"
It would be... a quarter of 11.
Are you sure, Mr. Mouri?
I find it very strange.
Because neither one nor the other doesn't usually wear a hooded sweatshirt.
Besides, at the time you say,
the only one who could have been here was Mrs. Takae.
Well, if someone was walking down the hallway with the hood of the sweatshirt on,
it would be because she didn't want her face to be seen, don't you think?
-Maybe he came in to attack her! -Mrs. Takae!
Open up!
I am the Natsuho!
You should be able to get the master key, right?!
-Yes, but that's... -Mrs. Ta... Oh!
It's open!
-Mrs. Tak...! - Don't come any closer!
Stay here.
-It can't be! -Who-who could have done it? -I don't know.
I don't know, but she must not have been dead for more than half an hour.
-I'm going to tell the captain. And I'm going to tell the president!
He must have stabbed her when she had just gotten out of the shower.
"It looks like they were trying to clean up the blood. Why?"
"Why did they try to clean it up?"
Ouch!
Ah! What are you doing, eh?
-(Natsuho) Mr. Mouri!
Mr. Niimi told me that since he has left the billiard room
he hasn't seen president Yashiro anymore.
How do you understand this?
The only explanation
is that Mr. Yashiro has something to do with all this.
-Benvinguts.-Mr. Mouri...
Thank you for coming, inspector.
Has President Yashiro shown up yet?
No, not yet.
But the whole crew is collaborating in the search.
They're looking for her all over the ship.
I don't know how he handles it,
but whether it's by sea or by air, he's being chased by cases.
The next one will be in space.
Shouldn't he be thinking of taking a rocket?
Oh, man!
Don't talk nonsense!
What's that?
Footprints of President Yashiro?
Yes.
We've basically focused on the area
where traces of blood have appeared on the lower deck.
And there's no doubt that the blood
near the sea access door is President Yashiro's.
Very good.
Keep investigating and keep me updated.
There is one other thing.
According to the workers on the lower deck,
there is clear evidence to prove
that someone has opened and closed this access door to the sea, and not long ago.
Oh, really?
Footprints, traces of blood, the open door...
-Inspector, it seems that everything indicates... (Kogoro) Yes.
That someone has attacked the president Yashiro on the lower deck
(Kogoro) Yes. That someone has attacked President Yashiro on the lower deck and has thrown him out of this access door to the sea.
It is very obvious to me that that is it, what has happened.
Yes, I agree.
Shiratori, contact the coast guard
and ask them to do a search in that area.
Entesos.
Takagi.
Sir?
I'd like to question Mr. and Mrs. Niimi.
Won't you have them come here? Right away.
Very well, then.
That'll be fine.
Conan.
Yes?
We'll take over the investigation from now on.
You can go back to your cabin now.
And I don't want you to come out unless it's strictly necessary.
For obvious reasons, it's very likely that the assailant will turn around the ship.
Yes, that's right.
Good, there's cake! -That looks good!
Roast beef!
It's okay for one day.
But it won't be today.
By the way, doctor,
shouldn't we take some food to Ran and Sonoko?
I'm sure they must be starving too.
No, it's better that the cruise doctor takes care of Sonoko.
And the Ran told us that she would eat later,
that we don't need to suffer for her.
-Ah, very good. -Ah.
And the gold medal, you mean she hasn't found it yet?
I doubt that I have time to think about it now, la Ran.
-By the way, where will it be, in Conan?
Now that you say it, I don't see it anywhere.
I know I don't!
He must be eavesdropping on the police investigations.
That's very likely.
At Conan, when he's interested, he's the best at hide-and-seek.
Thank you very much for your cooperation.
I guess I don't have to tell you,
but do everything you can to catch the culprit.
Of course I will.
All right, well, it's clear to us that Mrs. Takae...
was murdered after the squash match,
when she had just gotten out of the shower,
and we can also assume

that the person Mr. Mouri has seen coming out of his booth
in a hoodie is the killer, right?
Yes.
Then this person was able to go down on the lower deck,
where he had previously met with President Yashiro
and, right there, he may have murdered him.
With the information we have, it is possible.
Therefore, it would not be foolish to work with the hypothesis....
that the two murders may have been the work of the same person.
Kogoro, could you describe the suspect for us, please?
He must have been about 5'7".
And he seemed to me to be a rather thin person.
But from the height and build alone
it's hard to tell if it's a man or a woman.
Yes, it's true.
Mrs. Takae Yashiro was the same height and also a cousin.
Is this the sweatshirt in question?
Yes, it is a courtesy gift...
that we give to all passengers who travel with us.
But if someone wanted to get one, even if it was an employee,
I imagine it wouldn't cost them much either.
And according to you, what is the killer's motive?
Hatred, or revenge.
I have no doubt.
The assailant didn't touch anything.
He didn't take any jewelry or the wallet.
Besides, we haven't found any evidence...
to indicate that he forced the lock on the door.
One possibility is that the victim let him in,
or the killer may have used the master key to gain entry.
Mr. Misaki, how many people have a master key?
There are quite a few people who have a master key.
I, of course, always have one.
Natsuho also has one.
So do the other personal cabin attendants.
They all have, of master key.
Yes, they do.
Surely the killer must have expected
that the victim was alone in the cockpit.
And, if that's the case, we have to assume that most likely...
that he was aware of his schedule.
You arranged Mr. and Mrs. Yashiro's schedules, didn't you?
Yes.
And, other than yourself, was anyone else aware of their schedules?
No.
I only informed the purser, Mr. Misaki.
No one else was aware of it.
So if you were 10 centimeters taller,
or Mr. Misaki weighed 10 or 12 kilos less,
you two would be the prime suspects.
There is another thing that should be clarified:
it remains to be seen whether the assault on the Sonoko
has anything to do with the two murdered people.
I'll tell you another thing:
you have passed by the side of someone who could be the guilty party
and you didn't notice the look on his face.
Yes, you're right, I'm very sorry.
But, anyway, we are in the middle of the ocean.
The murderer must still be circling the ship, he can't have fled.
Yes, and that means that between workers and passengers...
there will be about 600 suspects.
All right, Takagi, you keep questioning the passengers..,
see if you can find any witnesses.
Mr. Misaki, Miss Tsujimoto, moving on,
I want you to tell me about the guests and crew members.
Yes, sir.
"That's what Inspector Shiratori said:
"The murderer must have known the schedule of the victims,
but Miss Natsuho says he didn't inform anyone..."
"Unless..."
"Sure! If he used this, maybe..."
Excuse me, Miss Tsujimoto, I would like to ask you a question.
What are you doing here? Conan!
What on earth...?!
Ah!
Ouch!
Did you go to Mr. and Mrs. Yashiro's booth last night
to confirm today's schedule?
Yes, after dinner.
I gave them today's schedule in detail.
And do you know if there was any time during the afternoon
that there was no one in their booth?
Let me think.
I remember yesterday Mr. Yashiro said that he was exhausted
and was resting in the cabin until dinner time.
The only time there was no one was during dinner.
"Sure..."
(Kogoro) Coi de chiquillo!
Don't you remember what I told you a while ago?!
Aaaah!
Mr. Misaki, did any passenger, yesterday, not go to dinner?
No.
I'd say they all attended the dinner.
"So, the culprit is some crew member?"
If you don't mind, I think I'll go rest in my cabin.

Excuse me, you have not been interviewed, Mr. Kusaka,
for the script you are writing?
In Hironari Kusaka?
Well, yes, now that you mention it.
And maybe, after the interview,
you missed a master key?
Stop it, Conan!
How could such a thing have happened?
Well, the truth is that it must have been something like 3 weeks ago.
we did miss a master key to the cruise ship.
Really?
And yes, we miss it after the interview with Kusaka.
Wait a minute, let's go by parts!
Can you explain to me who he is, this Mr. Kusaka?
He is a scriptwriter who came
to interview us for the script of a series.
Ah.
Entesos.
But what do you say Conan?
Is there anything that has made you suspicious of this person?
Yes.
Yesterday he went to his cabin before finishing dinner.
He said he was dizzy.
It's possible he went to the president's cabin
to set up some kind of listening device.
Aw, don't be a bumblebee!
What's a kid like you to know!
-What do you mean he'd do something like that?! - A hidden microphone...
It's possible that he took the opportunity to hide a microphone
in President Yashiro's cabin.
Yes, it is possible.
What do you say, you, Mouri?
Could it be our man, Mr. Kusaka?
Now that you say it, he does match the person I saw.
All right, then we'll interrogate this Kusaka end.
(Kusaka) Sure, a bug...
One would expect nothing less from the great detective Kogoro Mouri.
It was not him.
Actually, the idea was suggested to us by young Conan.
We have just polished it.
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha!
Ah.
I congratulate you, then.
Too bad it's the wrong reasoning.
In fact, this morning, at 10:15 a.m.,
I was here talking on the phone with Miss Akiyoshi.
Minako Akiyoshi, the naval designer?
Yes.
On the high seas, cell phones don't work,
I used the cruise ship's landline.
How long have you been talking? Mm...
I'd say from 10:00 to 5:30, 11:30.
You can check the call log.
They'll confirm how long we've been talking.
Can you tell us exactly what you've been talking about?
If you don't mind, sure.
And now.
I had finished writing a draft and wanted to get your feedback.
A draft? Yes.
A draft of a script for a series set on a luxury cruise liner.
She's been advising me on the naval theme.
(Shiratori) "Love Story on a Cruise Ship"?
In fact, I specifically asked for an individual cabin...
so that I could write in peace, without being disturbed.
But why didn't you meet her in person to talk about it?
Wouldn't it have been more logical?
Miss Akiyoshi is single, it would be violent to go to her cabin.
And in a bar or on a terrace there was a risk that someone would feel us.
It wouldn't be the first time I've been robbed of an idea.
Sure, I get it.
With all that said I think we can rule him out as a suspect.
It's not definite yet.
We'll have to confirm his alibi first.
-Shall we go down? -Yes. -Yes, let's.
Anything wrong, Mr. Mouri?
He must have had his eye on this girl.
She was actually quite attractive.
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha!
Mr. Misaki filled me in on everything that happened.
It's true that Mr. Kusaka called me around 10 o'clock in the morning.
We talked for about half an hour.
He had asked me if I could give him the draft trial.
and this morning, at breakfast time, he said to me:
"I now have the draft ready.
I would like you to give me an appraisal.
I will call you around 10 o'clock. I would be grateful if you could come to your booth".
Perfect, then.
Anyway, I'd say that's enough.
Thank you and sorry for the inconvenience.
Now we can consider Mr. Kusaka's alibi confirmed.
Yes.
Unless they are both involved and collaborating.
The phones in the booths are landlines.
Neither of them could have committed the crime,
if it's true that they were talking on the phone.
What's wrong with you, Mr. Mouri?
Don't tell me you're thinking about Miss Akiyoshi.
I see you've found him attractive too, haven't you?
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha!
Agent Tome.
Hello, Inspector Megure.
Do you have any news?

We have searched the area around the Royal Suite,
but we have found absolutely nothing.
Anything else? Yes.
Next to the corpse we found a red substance,
and it is evident that someone has tried to clean it.
A red substance? I'm sorry.
It wasn't blood, the dirt?
No.
It is red, but tests have confirmed that it is not blood.
"What is it, then?"
Inspector Megure.
What is it?
I've already spoken to all the passengers
and the crew on deck number 6, and no one has seen anything.
There are no more witnesses.
D'accord.
The welcome party starts at 5 o'clock.
Until it is time,
continue to question passengers and crew members.
D'accord.
If it's all right with you, sir,
we'll go back to headquarters to continue analyzing all the evidence.
Yes, very well thought out.
Hello! Eh?
He was looking for you.
Could I ask you a few questions?
I see you like to play detective.
Ask me anything you want.
How did the conversation you had with Mr. Kusaka go?
Ah, I don't know if you can call it a conversation.
He's been reading me the draft and I've just been listening to him.
You... just listened? Yes.
He gets very angry if I make any comments while he's reading.
"Do me a favor and shut up and listen," he told me one day.
It wasn't the first time we talked on the phone.
And now, when he reads me something, I don't shut my mouth.
So, you've been listening to him in silence...
until you've finished reading the whole draft?
That's right.
And after about 20 minutes of reading, he asked me what I thought of it,
he asked me what I thought of it, and I told him
that I found it very interesting.
That was it.
Tea. He-he... Thank you.
Are you feeling better now, Sonoko?
Yes, I'm better.
All this wouldn't have happened if we hadn't played hide-and-seek.
Let it go.
That's it now.
But come to think of it, before we started, you said...
...it's impossible for him to beat us, because....
What did you mean when you said that?
Do you remember I told you that we were once playing at school?
Yes. It was when we were in first grade.
It was a holiday, but the schoolyard was open.
And I asked Shinichi if he wanted to play, but...
Shinichi, can't you hear me? Come on, Shinichi.
-Do you want to play hide-and-seek? -It's a lot of fun.
I'm sorry, but I'll pass.
What?!
I have a soccer match in a while.
You big sissy!
It's good that when I was little I was already impertinent!
Then we decided to play without Shinichi.
Do you remember that under the stage in the gym
there was a place to store things?
Yes.
There were the tatamis and folding chairs.
To get there you had to move aside the stairs
that were there in order to get on the stage.
What?
There, you hid?
I was convinced that you would never find me in there.
But then a teacher came in,
put the stairs back in place and I was trapped.
Oh, yeah?!
And what did you do?
I knew that no matter how hard we looked for me, it was impossible for him to find me,
and I just stood there closed, not knowing what to do.
Luckily, after a short while, Shinichi came looking for me.
What...?
And... later, on my way home,
I asked him how he knew I was there, and he said...
Because of the school monsters.
What?
In the movie "The monsters of the school",
the children who hid in the school were eaten by the monsters.
Therefore, I thought that the chances of you hiding in the school building...
in the school building were nil.
Hey, wait a minute.
How do you know I've seen this movie?
Because every time we walk past the video store...
you stare at the movie poster like a fool.
I know you're really scared of monsters and ghosts,
but you always look at them, these kind of movies.
So, you had to be hiding in one of the outbuildings.
I know that you like animals very much,
and I never hide you in the chicken coop, because chickens are scary.
At that time, the guys from the basketball team...
were picking up the equipment,
and that means you couldn't hide in the equipment room either.

And since the pool is under construction, only the gym was left.
That's why I knew that the only place you could be was there.
Also, I noticed that in the gym class...
you always stare at the stairs next to the stage.
What do you think?
Surprised you, huh?
Yeah, I didn't know you spent all day staring at me so much.
What are you talking about?
That's not true!
Oh, isn't it?
Well, you've turned red.
What are you saying?!
You must feel it because of the sunset.
All right, all right, it's clear to me now.
Yesterday, when you said that "That's what that blow said".
it's because you must have remembered that day, right?
So, what you meant to say was: it's impossible for him to beat us...
because the only one who can find me is my Shinichi!
I've already told you.
Aw, shut up, that's not true.
Ah, nooo?
Well, you've turned red.
What are you saying?!
You must feel for the sunset.
"In Kogoro have you gone to see Mr. Kusaka?"
(Kusaka) Yes?
What?
Now the boy?! I come to play!
Ah... (Kusaka) (Kusaka) Hey!
Before, when we came here, I noticed: he has a very cool laptop, eh?
Yes.
It's what I use to work.
This shouldn't be read by a kid like you.
Okay, okay, okay.
Ah!
The doctor has one just like it.
Oh!
I've started it up and it doesn't feel res.
You, kiddo.
Au, go away.
"I guess no one's too dumb to leave evidence in plain sight."
(Genta) Look what our vacation has become.
What a mess!
Genta, you shouldn't say such things.
-It's very serious, what's happening. You're right.
You're right.
I still don't understand why people hurt each other.
It would be much better if people lived in peace.
That's impossible.
Yes.
So people have feelings.
And, apart from the fact that they are not seen,
people's feelings change very easily.
If there were only friendship and love, everything would be fine.
But, if for some reason,
they turn into malice or revenge,
that's when the urge to kill appears.
Yeah, but, my parents spend all day arguing....
and in the end they always end up forgiving and making up.
Yes, of course, so that your parents love each other very much.
What Ai says is true.
Sometimes it's over things that don't matter,
but it's easy to hurt someone's feelings, or to get hurt.
To avoid this, there is only one thing to always keep in mind:
It is very important to be considerate of others.
To have consideration for others?
Doctor! Eh?
I have to talk to you for a moment, I have to ask you something.
Ah, okay.
The seat belt fence?
-Chiba, come here for a moment.
Y-Yes.
-What did you find? -Check this out.
It's the seat belt fence.
But can't you see there's some strange marks here,
as if something's been tied up?
Yes, you're right.
It looks like they've tied a fishing line or something.
A fishing line...?
Hello.
What are you doing, Mr. Mouri?
Where were you?
The party's about to start.
(Door: knock)
Mr. Mouri, Inspector Megure wants to talk to you for a moment.
Mr. Inspector?
Let's go then.
I'm coming too.
No, you stay here and get dressed!
So, it could be that Mr. Hideto Yashiro's death...
wouldn't have been an accident either.
That's right.
According to Inspector Sato, on the seat belt buckle...
there were marks that could be from a fishing line.
What do you say, Mouri?
Can you think of anything else?
Mmm, I wouldn't know what to tell you...
-Wasn't there anything else, the car? -Yes.
They found a burnt juice can and some other objects,
but it looks like they discarded them as evidence.
They decided to get rid of them, because they thought...
that they were of no importance to the investigation.
(Kogoro) "A juice can, fishing line..."
(Thinks) "Maybe they made..."
(Kogoro) -Eh? - (paf!)
(They call) Ha-ha!
What?
That I scared them?!
Coi as a kid!
In fact, I wanted to shake a can of cola,
so that all the gas would come out at once, but they don't sell cans here.
A can of cola?
What a scare!

I almost had a heart attack.
Mm?
-What?
What if they made a can of...?! - A stun bomb?
With the juice can from the car maybe they made a stun bomb.
Just the wood.
How did you say this, Shiratori?
A bomb...
A stun bomb, or blinding grenade.
It's like a hand grenade the size of a soda can...
that when it explodes it causes a burst of light so intense
that it disorients all the people around it.
It is possible that they tied the end of a fishing line to the ring of the bomb
to the ring of the stun bomb
and the other end was tied to the fence of the seat belt.
That way, when someone pulled the belt to buckle him....
I get it.
The explosion may not have killed him,
but it was enough to disorient him,
make him lose control of the car and drive him off the cliff.
But of course, getting a stun bomb shouldn't be so....
What do I say?
Nowadays, if you set your mind to it, you can get anything you want.
In fact, if all they wanted was to give the victim a scare,
they didn't have to get a real stun bomb either.
In fact, with a big firecracker they would have had enough and to spare.
(Door: call)
Mr. Inspector, we have just received a communiqué.
A body has been found in the sea and it could be President Yashiro.
Captain, I would like to ask you something.
Endavant.
About the welcome party this afternoon.
I think we should cancel it.
If our suspect is planning to commit another murder,
he'll have the perfect opportunity during the welcome home party.
But... what you're asking me to do is...
I know, Captain, but I insist.
That won't be necessary, Mr. Inspector.
Let them have the welcome party.
I'm convinced that's where everything will be cleared up.
But it can't be that already...
You've already solved it again, as usual!
(Laughing scandalously)
But he's not even asleep yet....
"Are you sure, Kogoro?"
Come on!
Let's go have fun!
I have to make up for the whole day I spent in bed.
I can see you won't change mai.
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha!
Shouldn't we ask the Ran...
-If she's found the medal yet? -Yes, that'd be fine.
What?
That I made a gold medal with shells?
Yes, but the string was too short and in the end we made you a bracelet.
I was convinced that you had already found it.
What a pity.
Yes.
I promise I'll look for it later.
Thank you very much for that.
It makes me very happy to know that you think so much of me.
Ladies and gentlemen, I would like to welcome you to the Aphrodite,
because tonight I have the great honor
of being able to host this inaugural event.
My name is Natsuho Tsujimoto, my pleasure.
Thank you very much.
I will start by introducing the most prominent members of the crew.
Mr. Naoya Misaki, our purser.
(People: applaud)
Dr. Mizukubo, the head of medical services.
Chef Katsuhiko Shiomi, the head chef.
Have you found out the culprit yet? Yes.
But still... I haven't found enough solid evidence to prove it.
And to conclude, we welcome our great captain,
Mr. Wataru Kaido.
First of all, I would like to introduce you to the person responsible
for the extraordinary design of this luxury liner.
The lovely Miss Minako Akiyoshi.
Captain, are the rumors true...
that Mrs. Takae Yashiro has been murdered?
And is it true, too, that President Yashiro has disappeared?
All this... - (people: exclamations of surprise)
You are policemen, aren't you?
Have you already arrested the culprits?
Surely we are not in any danger having come to the party?
(People: whispers)
Calm down, please.
Please keep calm.
What are you doing to arrest the culprit?!
About it, I... Mr. Mouri!
Where is he?
-Mr. Mouri...! - (murmurs)
Please, ladies and gentlemen, we don't get nervous.
In fact, you don't have to worry about anything.
No one must suffer, because we have already identified...
the culprit of these horrendous crimes.
In fact, I have identified him, the great detective Kogoro Mouri!
That's the way I like it, Mr. Mouri!

And the person responsible for the two murders,
those of Mrs. Takae Yashiro and President Yashiro, is...
...Miss Minako Akiyoshi!
The murders were committed by her to take revenge for the fatal accident
that Mr. Hideto Yashiro suffered a couple of weeks ago.
Because that accident, in reality, was an orchestrated assassination,
or commissioned, by President Yashiro and his daughter.
But what interest could he have had in avenging Mr. Yashiro's death?
Surely he did it because Miss Akiyoshi
had an intimate relationship with Hideto Yashiro.
But how could she say something like that?
It's not true.
Mr. Yashiro was my superior,
we had worked together for a long time and it's true that he adored her.
But I had no feelings for him.
Besides, at the time of the murders...
I was talking on the phone with Mr. Kusaka.
-I have an alibi. Yes, that's true.
But, in reality, he spent at least 20 minutes talking to himself,
explaining the plot of his script to you
and, during all this time, you have said absolutely nothing.
Therefore, your alibi cannot be considered entirely valid.
Stop talking nonsense!
If you had stopped talking in Kusaka and asked me a question, I would have realized that there was no one there,
I would have realized that there was no one on the other side.
Or do you think I'm stupid enough to prepare such an alibi?
Besides, if she's so sure that I'm the guilty one, I suppose she must have some evidence to prove it,
I suppose you must have some evidence to prove it.
Hey!
I imagine you must have some, right, proof?
The truth is... no.
Don't do this to me, Father.
Don't tell me you only suspect her of looking like her mother.
Do you have proof or not, Mr. Mouri?
I ask for time... time to go to the bathroom.
How do you ask for time?!
(People: laugh)
"I got it." (People: still laughing)
Mr. inspector, do you mean we shouldn't do something?
taking advantage of the fact that now everybody is laughing?
Yes, but I don't know what... (Agasa) Don't suffer, Inspector Megure.
I have found out who the real culprit is.
Do you really mean it, Dr. Agasa?!
Who is it?!
(Agasa) Fantastic!
Now Dr. Agasa's deductions begin!
(Agasa) Let's see, we could say that one of the first groups...
that were dedicated to go from port to port,
as we are doing with this cruise,
were the pirates.
The difference is that they did it to plunder other ships.
But apparently, on this cruise we also have a pirate.
(Agasa voice) A pirate who is in the business of stealing other people's lives,
instead of stealing the belongings, a murderous pirate.
And the pirate on the cruise ship is....
he, Mr. Hironari Kusaka, the scriptwriter!
Yes, you!
Au, but what a thing to say!
Didn't you just feel what Miss Akiyoshi told you?
At the time of the murder I was talking to her on the phone,
I was reading her the plot of my script.
(Agasa voice) Are you referring to this plot?
(Husák) "Nanami Okazaki was very fond of the sea,
"In fact, she was captivated by it from the time she was very young,
she loved the majesty of the great oceans..."
Actually, it's a very simple trick.
She has used a recording she had previously recorded,
left it right next to the phone
and took advantage of it to commit the two murders.
It can't be!
I'm convinced I erased it!
Erased?
Not really.
You must think you have erased it, but in reality, you have not.
As a professional screenwriter,
you have a habit of backing up everything you write.
You forged the proof, didn't you?
This recording must have been made by you
using the voice transformer.
Yes.
Pretty much.
But I still have another proof, and this one is irrefutable.
But... this proof does not prove
that it was me who committed the murders.
If you want another proof, I have it.
In fact, you have it.
(Conan voice) Ah, how strange!
What's that on your head?
Between the red hair, isn't there a tuft of black hair?
Can't it be... blood? Blood?!
With your permission, Mr. Kusaka...
I get it!
After doing such bad things, he looked at himself in the mirror,
but since your hair is the same color as blood,

You didn't notice that they had been soiled, did you?
Perhaps you do not know that blood, when it dries, after a while,
takes on a slightly darker color than it normally has.
(Agasa voice) There is one other thing, though,
could you please take off the scarf around your neck?
Because if my deduction is correct, Mr. Kusaka?
you should have all the marks on your neck,
the ones that Chairman Yashiro made earlier with his fingers and fingernails
with his fingers and fingernails, when he was defending himself from your attack.
Excuse me.
If I may...
Mr. Kusaka, I have to ask you to come with us...
so that you can explain everything that has happened.
No, just a moment, I don't...
I have something else to... I had an ace up my sleeve!
Nobody move!
One step and all the bombs will explode!
Bombs?!
If you don't want us all to perish, listen to what I have to say!
It was him!
It was him who attacked me this morning!
Well, I see that you have already remembered.
Anyway, calm down and tell us what you intend with all this.
Avenge the death of my father! Your father?
Yes, 15 years ago, the crew member...
who died on that Yashiro Group ship...
was my dear father!
(Thinking) "Sure. He was..."
Two years ago I met
with an old acquaintance of my father's at the cemetery
and he told me a strange rumor about that incident.
He told me that the president and director of the Yashiro Group,
the entar and Takae Yashiro,
decided to sink the company's ship
in order to collect the insurance.
On the other hand, they also wanted to get rid of Captain Okita,
because he was asking them to improve the conditions of the crew,
and they proposed it to the first officer, Mr. Kaido.
And you accepted their offer.
(Kusabi) "Captain Okita is going to sleep by pouring a sleeping pill in his coffee,
and deliberately crashed the ship into an iceberg."
(Kusabi) "At the same time, he blew up all the bombs...
that you yourself had placed on the ship."
I guess the location of the bombs
must have been the work of the ship's designer, Mr. Hideto Yashiro.
It can't be.
That's impossible.
And now that you have confessed, can you tell us how you killed President Yashiro?
It was self-defense.
He jumped on me to strangle me,
we fought and in the end I threw him into the sea with a push.
And now, just like you did, I'm going to blow up this cruiser,
and when the bombs go off,
I'll take advantage of the confusion to assassinate you.
What a bunch of nonsense.
Stop talking nonsense
and please take your finger off the detonator!
Silence!
Don't come near me!
- (clattering) - (panicked screams)
He has fled!
"You will not escape!"
Conan! Escape!
(engine starts up)
Oysters!
-Wait, Conan! -We're coming with you!
Hey, hey, hey!
What are you doing here?!
We're coming with you.
Do you think we'll let you take all the credit yourself, or what?
What do you say, Haibara? What do you say, Haibara?
I say the same as them.
Fuck you hard, then.
(They call out)
Everybody to the left!
Now to the right!
It's already ours!
I'm counting on you, Haibara!
(Conan!
We've made it!
Geniaaal!
The Junior Detective League has done it again!
-Long live!
We're the best!
Yes! (Takagi) Kids!
(Takagi) Are you okay?
Neeens!
Are you all right?
Neeens!
Don't ever do anything like that again!
He's the prime suspect in a murder case!
What would you have done if it had gone wrong?!
All right.
Excuse me.
Inspector Megure...
But... how many bombs had you planted?
Izawa, I'm reporting the situation.
Captain, the explosions have caused...
a large number of openings in the ship's hull.
And the watertight doors?
Closed, but water is still coming in through sections 3 and 4.
Oh, my God!
You must give the order to evacuate, Captain.
Captain, Captain!
Everybody... get off the ship.
(Loudspeaker: Izawa) "Attention, this is the first officer of the Aphrodite speaking,
Yosuke Izawa."
"Please put on your life jackets
and proceed to the evacuation deck."
- "This is not a drill." - (alarm)

"I repeat: this is not a drill."
I can't find it, the gold medal I was told the children had made for me.
Where could it be? Ran.
-Come on, hurry up, we have to get out! -Come on, Ran, hurry up.
But... (alarm)
No need to run.
There's plenty of time.
Keep calm.
Keep moving without pushing.
Father, where are Conan and the children? They're all fine.
There is no need for you to suffer.
Inspector Megure has explained to me
that after chasing in Kusaka and catching him,
they were picked up by a yacht passing nearby.
What a break.
(People: shouting)
Ran, you two go on this lifeboat.
I'll get on another one later.
But father... Come on, I'll see you later.
(people shouting) Wait! Don't run!
Follow the person in front of you!
When you're in the water, move away from the cruiser at once.
If you get sucked into the whirlpool that will be created when it sinks, you won't be able to get out.
All right, sir.
King, don't you find it's very hot in here?
Yes, but there's nothing we can do about it.
Just hold on a little while.
How do you want me to hold on any longer?
It's so hot you can't stand it.
I remember.
What, remember?
I've fallen playing pretend.
What?
The gold medal?
Now we'll lower the boat.
Watch out to hold on tight.
Wait, I want to go down! What are you talking about?!
I'm going to get it.
Go away, you.
But Ran!
I know it's just a medal made with shells,
but for me it's a treasure, it's more important than you think.
We'll see each other later.
Wait, Ran!
I've found it!
It's this!
Ah!
Aaaaaaaaaah!
We were very lucky that this yacht passed so close to us.
I hope you are well, all the passengers on the cruise ship.
Yes.
What nerves...
You don't need to suffer, she will have already boarded one of the boats...
Earlier in Kusaka she confessed
that she would take advantage of the confusion of the explosions
to assassinate Captain Kaido.
But I don't understand what's the point of this second round of explosions.
With so many bombs, it looks like they wanted to sink the cruiser.
And, by the way, come to think of it,
their alibi ploy was very unreliable,
If Miss Akiyoshi had said anything,
Kusaka would have been left without an alibi.
Perhaps this was not the first time she had tried it.
It is possible that they had spoken on the phone other times
and that he told her that he didn't want her to talk while he was reading,
to prepare his alibi.
That's true.
If he told me and everything....
He gets very angry if I make any comments while he's reading.
(Shiratori) Inspector Megure.
I just spoke with the Coast Guard and there are new developments.
They've confirmed that Chairman Yashiro was stabbed in the back with a kitchen knife.
in the back with a kitchen knife.
What are you saying?!
How can this be?
Kusaka didn't talk about any knife,
when he explained the incident to us.
-It was 11 minutes past 10.
In-It would be a quarter of 11.
Of course it was!
It wasn't in Kusaka!
Who was it, then?
It doesn't look anything like a 50-year-old woman!
(Engine: starts up)
Hey, Conan!
-Conan, what are you doing down here? -Where are you going?
I don't know why, but I've had a bad feeling.
I have a feeling that if I let
the cruise ship to sink without doing anything, I'll end up regretting it in the end.
Is it because of something related to the case?
Yes, maybe.
Probably.
Tell us, Conan.
(Thinking) "The case?"
"Is that what's troubling you, Kudo?"
"If my deductions are correct, the murderer is..."
Captain.
That's it.
We've finished evacuating all the passengers.
I'll go up in an inflatable boat.
Assemble the remaining crew and abandon ship.
Yes, Captain.
(Minako) Captain, don't you intend to share the fate of your ship?
(Minako) You?
But what are you still doing here?
Abandon the cruise...
(Minako) Look.
Do you remember that?
My father loved to do.
A paper boat...?
-No, it can't be... -Yes.
Fifteen years ago...
you and President Yashiro murdered Captain Okita.
I am his daughter.
I'm sorry to inform you
that I have blown up all the remaining inflatable boats.
How could you...?! - Don't move!
It's getting too small for me, this here.

What do you say we go to a spacious place
so that we can talk calmly about everything that happened?
About half a year ago in Kusaka she came to see me
because she wanted me to help her with a script for a series.
But I realized that I was much more interested in the Yashiro family
family than in the script, and I began to suspect something.
"I took advantage of the fact that he had gone to the washroom to look at his laptop."
"There I found a document
that told the truth of the Yashiromaru I accident."
Then I realized what it was,
what Kusaka was interested in.
I couldn't believe it,
the next day I went to see Mr. Hideto Yashiro.
"In the end, after a few drinks, he explained everything to me,
he ended up explaining everything to me."
"He confessed to me that it wasn't an accident,
that, in fact, it had all been premeditated."
He didn't realize that I was Captain Okita's daughter.
I'm sorry, I was only carrying out President Yashiro's orders.
Stop making excuses!
You will follow in the same footsteps as President Yashiro and his daughter.
Yes.
Now it's your turn to die.
And you will do it in memory of my father.
"I hope I can make it in time!"
Please, I beg you... Don't-don't kill me!
So long, Captain Kaido.
(Kogoro) Stop!
That's what I thought.
It's you, the assassin: Minako Akiyoshi.
Kogoro?!
Quiet!
Don't move!
I regret to inform you that I have disabled this weapon before.
(CLEC, CLEC-CLEC)
When I said I was going to the washroom,
I passed by your cabin and blocked it.
Captain.
Then you and I will have a long conversation.
Although you have a lot of things to explain to me.
Miss Akiyoshi, from what I can gather...
You can save it.
We're all going to die anyway.
The ship is sinking.
There's no longer any point in telling me what you've deduced.
But I can't help it either.
We detectives are here to uncover the truth.
It's our raison d'être.
Surely, you've uncovered Mr. Kusaka's intentions,
to kill these 4 people, Mr. Hideto Yashiro included,
but he must have thought it was an impossible plan to carry out.
That is why you decided to assassinate Hideto yourself,
pretended that he had died in a car accident
because of a heart attack,
using a stun bomb you made yourself.
After the death of Hideto Yashiro,
there were only 3 people left to kill,
and Hironari Kusaka decided to use you as an alibi.
But you knew Mr. Kusaka's plan,
and you decided to take the opportunity
to carry out the revenge yourself.
For starters, you planted more bombs on the cruiser,
in addition to the ones you had planted on Kusaka.
You designed this ship,
so you knew exactly where you had to place the bombs
to make sure it sank.
Then, this morning, at about 10 o'clock, you received the call from Kusaka,
and when he started to read you the plot of the script,
you rushed out to Mrs. Takae's cabin,
and you hit her while she was taking a shower,
put on your bathrobe and pretended to be her.
"Later, when in Kusaka has entered the cabin to execute your plan,
as you were wearing the bathrobe, he mistook you for Mrs. Takae..."
She has made as if she struggled with him to take the knife from him,
and made it look like he was stabbing her in the stomach,
where he had a bag with a red substance
that looked like blood.
When he left the cabin,
convinced that he had achieved what he had come to do,
he took the opportunity to murder Mrs. Takae.
Then, he wiped the red substance from the dirt,
put on his sweatshirt and left the cabin.
"At that moment, when we have coincided in the hallway,
"I thought he had made that gesture of turning away
because I couldn't see his face.
But later I realized that it wasn't like that.
She did it because she is a woman.
She did that gesture instinctively, she did it to move her chest out of the way.
"Of course!
"That's why she looked at it."
Then you went straight down to the lower deck,
and when you arrived,
you found President Yashiro on top of Mr. Kusaka,
trying to strangle him.
She moved in close before you could see her,

has caught President Yashiro from behind....
-Back? -Oh!
(Kogoro voice) Yes.
The chairman's back was to him and Kusaka couldn't see it,
and took the opportunity to stab him in the back.
That, that, he stabbed the president in the back.
Taking advantage of the confusion, you hurried to hide,
and in Kusaka you threw it into the sea, without seeing the knife.
Everything turned out just as you had planned.
I expected nothing less from the famous detective Kogoro Mouri.
Actually, I decided to use...
and take advantage of the Kusaka's plans
precisely because I knew you would be here too.
I had to find another culprit
to fool the eyes of an investigator of your stature.
Besides, I needed it to be someone who believed...
that he had really done it.
And besides that,
that bastard had humiliated my father by typing on his laptop
that he was an old fuddy-duddy,
because he had decided to go down with his ship.
He had insulted my father and he didn't deserve my forgiveness.
It is you who does not deserve to be forgiven.
Apart from having murdered 3 people for whatever reasons,
you have also endangered the lives of hundreds of innocent people.
Not to mention that you have sunk the ship you designed.
I did a lot of tests to plan all the details.
The number of pumps that would be needed, the amount of water that would go in,
the time for evacuation...
And I even calculated the moment when I would come face to face with that man, to make him finish
with that man, to make him end up dying like my father,
on board his ship, alone and in despair.
Besides, now, the Aphrodite, who was born from the foam of the sea, will finally be able to return to her place of birth,
will finally be able to return to her place of origin.
Now that everything has been cleared up, I have no other choice...
but to surrender myself without resistance.
Please know that I have no intention of fighting with a woman.
Isn't this discrimination?
"Kogoro..."
What?
Even though you insist that you don't want to fight me?
I've already told you that I have no intention of fighting.
Besides, we're all going to die anyway, aren't we?
This is for having... crippled my revenge!
Wasn't it...? - On Shinichi...?
-Huh? -Ah... No, no, nothing...
You mean we shouldn't be finishing up, already..., Mr. Kogoro Mouri?
I didn't imagine that a detective like you could stand in this line.
Of that, you don't have to do anything.
Iah! Mr. Mouri!
I've been unlucky.
From the beginning, I've been the target of the famous detective Mouri.
I imagine he must have been following me
because I'm the kind of woman he can't see.
No.
Quite the opposite.
You look very much like the woman I love.
I haven't stopped looking for evidence to prove your innocence,
in the hope that it wasn't you, the murderer,
but in the end, as always, the truth came out.
Mr. Mouri!
Mr. Mouri!
Are you all right?
(Thinking) "All right, deduction, Kogoro."
Conan, what the hell are you doing here?
This is just as well.
Now all we have to do is run away.
"Run away...?"
That's impossible.
There are no lifeboats left on board.
And the inflatable boats have all been blown up by this woman.
(man) Go.
(Captain!
(man) Captain!
We're here, Captain!
We're saved!
"What is... this feeling I have?"
"The case is solved."
"What is it... this strange feeling that won't let me stay calm?"
Hurry up, it won't take long to sink.
Come on, let's go.
Now it's your turn to go up.
Hurry up.
What are you doing?
Will you please come up?!
Who... who knows where he is, Ran?!
What?
The Ran has long since climbed into the lifeboat.
What?!
I was convinced it was with you, Ran!
Why should it be with me?
Why should it be with me?
She went to get the medal she dropped while we were playing.
That's why I thought it was with you!
"It was that!"
Hey!
Where are you going?!
Wait, wait, wait!
Why are you running so fast?!
You know where it is, Ran?!
Hey! Hey! Hey!
Help! Help!
Help! Help!
Is somebody there?!
Hello, Ran.
I knew it, you'd be in here.
Shinichi, you'll find me, won't you?
"Shinichi."
What?!
Where are you?!

La Ran knew that I had been all the time playing soccer on this deck.
playing soccer on this deck.
So that means...
it must be this way.
"I'll find you. I know I'll find you. Hang on, Ran!"
What?!
Where's the Ran?!
Where can it be?!
"Don't be nervous. Take it easy, think."
"Didn't I find her, that time?"
"Ah! Come to think of it..."
How could you have known it was hidden in there?
You've been playing soccer the whole time.
What I'll tell you is that you spent the whole time playing soccer.
I know everything, me, Conan.
"Sure! That time... And today too!"
Mr. Mouri!
Do you see any place out there where someone can hide?!
Yes, down here!
I can't open it!
Mr. Mouri!
That's it!
Ran!
Ran, are you in here?!
Father...
Yes, he is.
We have to hurry.
There's not much time left.
Damn it!
This doesn't look good at all!
If we don't get closer, Ran and the others will go down with the ship!
I'm sorry, but I can't get any closer.
If we get caught in the whirlwind that the ship will create when it sinks, we won't get out,
we won't get out.
-It can't be (helicopter: approaching).
A coast guard rescue helicopter!
At last!
The rescue helicopter!
My God! Let's go to the bow!
Hey, hey!
We're here! We're here!
We're here! We're here! Eeei!
-Are there only 3 of you left? -Yeah.
You can relax now, kid.
It's all over now.
We'll take you back here right away.
That's all right.
All you have to do is hold on tight.
All right.
Ara will take us up.
Try to hold on tight to the girl.
Don't let go at any time.
Got it.
Ah! Ah!
Ah! Ah! Ah!
What happened?!
Hold on, Conan!
Hold on tight to my hand, Conan.
Are you all right, Ran?!
Ah! (grunts)
Little boy.
Hold my hand.
("Natsu wo matsu seiru no Younis", Oono Aika)

Hora Kyou mo kaze ga hashiru
Hikari ga nami wo tsukinuke.
Sono te Gutt nobashitara.
Sora ni todoku ki ga shita.
Jibun no shiranai kimi wo,
Mito isshun kowakunaru.
Konno nimo kimi ga suki de...
Kotoba ga modokashii.
Natsu wo matsu seiru no Younis, Kimi no koto wo Zutter.
Zutter Zutter omotteiru yo!
Taiyou no Kanata IPPA, shippai Bakari shita KEDO.
Hanpatsu shiattari demo ima ha!
Hitotsu ni mukatteiru yo...
Soko ni ha yume ga aru kara.

Gomen nei no kotoba Bakari,
Iu no ha iya Dakar.
Kimi ni ha aarigatoui no kotoba wo
Motto motto takusan iitai yo...
Wakariaeteta kimi to mo, Itsuki ondosa ga atta él.
Sore demo kurushii no ha ittoki dake Damon ne...
Natsu wo matsu seiru no Younis, kimi no koto wo Zutter.
Zutter Zutter dakishimeteitai!
Tada jibun no kimochi ni
mashoujiki de itai KEDO.
Sorede hito wo kizutsukeru koto mo aru ella!
Hitotsu ni mukatteiru yo,
Soko ni ha kimi ga iru kara!

Natsu wo matsu seiru no Younis, Kimi no koto wo Zutter.
Zutter Zutter dakishimeteitai!
Tada jibun no kimochi ni
mashoujiki de itai KEDO.
Sorede hito wo kizutsukeru koto mo aru ella!
Hitotsu ni mukatteiru yo...
Soko ni ha yume ga aru kara!
Soko ni ha yume ga aru kara!

(Ship: mermaid)
(Ship: mermaid)

-Thank you very much.
Your mothers are on another boat.
They are fine.
(Ai) So, you knew she was the murderer...
when you realized that Kusaka's alibi was too simple?
(Shinichi voice) In fact, I thought that with such a simple alibi,
the other person who was talking on the phone,
in this case Miss Akiyoshi,
could also take advantage of it for her own benefit.
Besides, she was the only one
who could impersonate Mrs. Takae Yashiro.
She was the only one who had legs as smooth and as pretty as her.
Ah, now I get it.
And how did you know Ran was hiding in there?
Ah, that was because of... (laughter)
The truth is, I was more worried about it than you were.
(Conan's voice) While we were playing hide and seek
I was shooting a volleyball,
but the Ran said I was playing soccer.
That's why I deduced that it had to be somewhere
where she could feel the hits I was taking with the ball.
I'm disappointed, that's why.
I am very glad you saved Ran,

but I was convinced that Shinichi was the only one who could find her,
and now I see that it wasn't.
"No, in fact what saved her..."
Raaan!
We've already finished fixing your gold medal!
This time we've used a longer thread,
so you can wear it around your neck.
Can I put it on for you, please? Mm-hm.
Thank you very much.
It looks very nice around your neck like that.
I'll treasure it.
"I was able to save it for the same reason they did,
because I trust their feelings."

