Dr. Kurokawa was drinking sake at the computer,
and she was killed by a blow to the head from behind.
The murder weapon is undoubtedly the bronze figure here on the floor,
the bronze figure here on the floor.
What I don't quite understand is this type of message
that he wrote before he died.
What does "JUN" mean?
He-he-he.
With this message he has told us who the murderer is.
Are you serious?
I'm sure the murderer is one of these 3 people.
(Thinking) "Wow, he's inspired today."
Mrs. Mina Kurokawa.
Mr. Daisuke Kurokawa, the deceased's eldest son.
Or Manami Nakazawa, the maid.
The murderer must be one of these suspects.
Fantastic, Mouri!
And who are you leaning towards, eh?
The bloodthirsty and cruel murderer of Dr. Taiz Kurokawa is... you!
Me? Oh!
His wife?!
The message he has left on Kurokawa is the word "JUN",
which is the first three letters... of the month of June in English.
The month of June is also called "minatzuki",
which means "the month without water".
It is a clear reference to your name, Mina.
And you were born...
-A month of June,
but this nonsense has nothing to do with the murder.
I hope you don't intend to accuse me with such ridiculous evidence!
And now, madam!
It was a simple logical deduction...
It would be very strange
for a dying man to have left us such a... complicated clue.
I would have simply written down the name of the murderer.
But, Inspector Megure...
"Let's see who's the fattest..."
"Let's go."
Is this how the police make their living?
Accusing innocent people?
"I'll put her to sleep
"With an anesthetic dart from my superrellotge, as usual."
I'll have to denounce him for defamation!
Aaaaaaaah...!
Here we go, Inspector Megure!
Ah!
That's what I've been waiting for!
(Kogoro voice) Let's see...
When I said that the murderer was the doctor's wife, I was joking.
I was joking?!
Inspector Megure, take a close look at the corpse.
Dr. Kurokawa only has blood on the little finger of his right hand.
Yes, that's right.
And on the computer keyboard there are 4 keys stained with blood, right?
They are the syllables "ke", "mu", "ro"...
and the alphabet change key on the left.
The keys "ke", "mu" and "ro" are stained because Dr. Kurokawa
"He ran his hand all over the keyboard.
"To write the word 'JUN' with his index finger."
"But it is unlikely that he has pressed
"The alphabet shift key on the far left of the keyboard.
"With the index finger of the right hand, no?"
The question is where the blood above this key came from.
I'd say we can be pretty sure
that the killer snuck into the studio
and attacked the victim from behind.
"Upon receiving the blow, Dr. Kurokawa touched his head with his right hand."
"That's how he smeared his little finger with blood."
"Then, he turned around, and the murderer struck him a second blow."
"As he fell, Kurokawa ran his hand all over the keyboard."
And that... means, no more and no less, my lords!
that he did not intentionally press
the alphabet change key on the far left of the keyboard.
He pressed it unintentionally, accidentally.
"When the murderer had already left, the doctor, who was in agony,
"He made one last effort to reach the keyboard in front of him."
"He thought, of course..."
that he would write in Japanese.
Then, the letters "jota", "uno" and "ene" that he clicked on
correspond to the syllables... MA-NA-MI.
That's right!
Manami Nakazawa, the maid.
She's the murderer!
Me?
I suppose you're joking too, this...
You have no evidence to prove it, Inspector.
You're wrong.
When she attacked the victim, she was barefoot, wasn't she?
If she'd approached the doctor with her slippers on,
"He would have made noise dragging them across the floor."
"That's why he took them off."
"But without realizing it...
"He stepped on a drop of blood that had fallen to the floor."
Proves it... the strange shape of the drop we'll call "Exhibit A."
The bottom of your sock, miss, must be stained with blood.
Oh!
(At the same time) Oh!
However, when the police questioned you,

has stated that he had not gone near the body.
Do you mind if we take the sock with us
to test the blood sample, Mrs. Manami?
No, Mr. Inspector.
A year ago..., Dr. Kurokawa killed my husband.
Just a moment!
Are you the wife of that patient that my father operated on my heart?
Yes, I am.
My husband died
because, when Kurokawa operated on him, he was drunk.
You didn't recognize me
because I cut my hair and changed my name.
Besides, it is obvious that, for you, the incident was of no importance,
because you didn't even remember it.
I tried to file a malpractice complaint with Kurokawa
and asked the hospital workers to testify,
but no one wanted to help me.
Everyone was too afraid of the director.
And you decided to take revenge on your own?
It was just one year ago today that Shigeru died.
I have no regrets about what I did!
My husband deserved to avenge his death!
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha!
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha...!
Let's go.
"Aaah... In Kogoro has come back to look good for me."
THE EXPLODING SKYSCRAPER
My name is Shinichi Kudo and I'm a detective.
One day, I went to an amusement park with Ran Mouri,
a good classmate and even better friend,
and I witnessed a suspicious exchange
between two men who were dressed in black.
I was so focused on observing these individuals,
that I didn't notice another one behind me.
He made me swallow a poison
and, when I woke up...
(Conan voice)... I was a little boy again!
If those evildoers find out that Shinichi is still alive,
they will want to kill me, and I will put everyone around me in danger.
Dr. Agasa recommended that I hide my identity.
When the Ran asked me what my name was,
I told him, without much thought, that I called myself Conan Edogawa.
Since Ran's father is also a detective,
I decided to go and live with them,
to try to get information
about the criminals who had changed my life.
But in Kogoro he's a small-time detective,
and I had no choice but to impersonate him
and solve a lot of complicated cases
with my incredible powers of deduction.
Thanks to me, Mouri is now world famous in Kogoro.
And I, on the other hand, have had to go back to elementary school.
But with some new classmates--l'Ayumi, Genta and Mitsuhiko--we have founded the Detective League.
we founded the Junior Detective League.
And now I'll show you the gadgets Dr. Agasa made for me.
The first is this anesthetic dart thrower.
It is a watch.
It has a scope that you use to aim at the target.
And when you press this button, it shoots an anesthetic dart...
capable of putting a person to sleep for a few minutes.
And this is the bow tie that changes the voice.
All I have to do is adjust the frequency by turning these two knobs,
and I can imitate any kind of voice, adult or child.
The ultradynamic slippers are a lethal invention.
They stimulate the most important points of my feet by means of electromagnetic waves.
by means of electromagnetic waves
and give me an extraordinary, immense strength.
The turbo skateboard is a very useful device for chasing criminals.
The only flaw it has is that it runs on solar energy,
so you can use it during the day.
Ep, I forgot!
The members of the Junior Detective League
have some very sophisticated pines
that have a built-in walkie-talkie.
I have many more, from gadgets.
But the most effective... of all is this one here.
I've shrunk, but my brain hasn't. I'm still an infallible detective.
I'm still an infallible detective.
There is only one truth!
(Shinichi voice) Mr. Yusaku Kudo, Mr. Yusaku Kudo...
They're all for the father.
I'm sure they're love letters from admirers!
I've heard that "The Prince of the Night",
the latest novel he's written, is a huge success,
and it's one of the best-selling books in the whole world.
Yes... And now it's in Switzerland, he...
As he never stops traveling everywhere,
it is more and more difficult to get all these letters to him.
It doesn't cost you much, to do him this favor.
And he lets you do whatever you want.
Yes, this is true.
By the way, Agasa, what are you designing?
Is it a new invention for me?
No, it isn't.
I haven't thought of you this time, Conan.

By observing the flight of birds, humans invented airplanes.
But no one has ever managed
to imitate the musculature that insects have to move their wings.
If I am the first to reproduce this natural device
and market it in the form of a toy,
every child on the planet will want to have one right away!
I will make a lot of money!
I will amass a great fortune!
I will be a multimillionaire!
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha!
"Very nice, but I've felt this prophecy for years....
"And there's no way it's going to come true."
What a disappointment!
Not a single letter for me.
This means that mankind has forgotten
the infallible teenage detective.
Eh?
Gee, this one's for me!
Teiji Moriya?
Who is it, this one?
"Dear Mr. Kudo, excuse me for writing to you."
"I have long been following with great interest
"The TV reports and newspapers that talk about Kudo,
"the famous teenage detective."
"If it's not too much to ask, I'd like to talk to you,
"even if it's just for a little while."
"That's why I'm inviting you to attend the outdoor tea party
"which will be held in the garden of my house on April 29th,
"starting at half past five in the afternoon."
"I'm enclosing a map so you won't get lost."
What is this?
An invitation to a party?
Does it ring a bell, a certain Teiji Moriya?
Of course it does!
He's a professor at the Faculty of Architecture
of the University of Tokyo
and one of the most famous architects in Japan.
And what does he want from me, such an important architect?
Man, you can say that architects are also artists...
Maybe he needs a new source of inspiration.
After all, Professor Teiji Moriya is a genius, just like me.
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha!
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha!
(Thinks) "A genius...? Ya."
A party, you say?
(Shinichi's voice) "Exactly."
It's just that I'm really busy with a case I have to investigate.
and it's impossible for me to go.
Do you want me to go in your place?
It says on the invitation that I can invite a friend,
and I thought you could go with that boy who lives with you.
What was his name? "Conan?"
That's right!
Why don't the three of you go, Ran?
I left the invitation in your mailbox at home.
What a nerve!
You only call me when you need me to pull your chestnuts out of the fire.
All right, but on one condition. Quina?
Will you go with me to the movies next Saturday?
At the 10 o'clock showing.
Don't put up any objections, it's been a long time since we've seen each other!
I'll wait for you at 10 o'clock at the entrance of Beika cinemas.
Wait a minute, wait!
Saturday is not good for me, can't it be another day?
No way!
It must be May 3rd.
Shinichi, which color do you like more, red or blue?
Red or blue?
Why do you want to know?
Don't ask and tell me.
Well... maybe red.
Yay!
I knew you would say the red...
I chose it because it's your favorite color.
"I knew we'd end up like this."
We're not having dinner tonight?
I'll make dinner now, man.
Okay, Shinichi?
On the 3rd at 10 o'clock at night, don't forget!
Hey, I told you...!
Wow!
If I had time to go to the movies,
I wouldn't be asking you to go to the party instead of me.
"Besides, why does it have to be on May 3?"
"The next day, the 4th of May," she said,
"That's the day Sherlock fell in with Moriarty...
"At the Reichenbach Falls."
"May 5 is the day of childhood."
But it is in Conan!
You're going home? Inspector!
Has something happened?
Things always happen.
Ah.
Meet this boy.
He's Shiratori, the newest member of our department.
Aitaru Shiratori.
The inspector has told me a lot about you, Conan.
He told me that you notice things that others don't see.
And now!
No.
It's pure chance.
Yes, it's possible.
And sometimes, coincidences come one after the other.
"A bit rude, isn't it?"
Lately we have so much work
I doubt very much that we'll be able to rest during the golden week.
See you soon!
"Golden week?"
"Sure!"
May 3 is Constitution Day.
Why do we have to meet on this day?
Your birthday? Yes, exactly.
May 4th is Shinichi's birthday.

On the 3rd we will go to the cinema, to the afternoon session,
and, when it's 12 o'clock, I'll give him the present.
I will buy him a red polo shirt.
He'll get a nice surprise!
"It's true, May 4th is my birthday! What a head I have!"
What movie are you going to see?
"The Legend of the Red Thread". (See) The Red Thread?
You haven't seen it?
It is a legend that says
that there are couples who are united from birth
by a red thread that they wear tied to their little finger
and that represents destiny.
It's a very romantic movie!
"How cheesy."
Want to see something?
In May, Shinichi's and my lucky color will be red.
It will be the right time to take a step forward!
"The only thing he doesn't know is that we won't be able to go to the movies together."
Wait a minute!
You said he'll take to the 10 o'clock showing, right?
Yes, why? No way!
No way!
A boy and a girl, in such a dark place at that hour?!
Who knows what he would do! We won't do anything dirty!
Don't get the wrong idea, Father.
It's just that Shinichi forgets his birthday every year,
and I have to prepare something to remind him.
If it weren't for me, he'd be getting older without realizing it.
"He-he-he-he! In fact, I'm not getting older, quite the contrary."
Anyway, aren't you too... too young?
By the way, do you want to come to an outdoor picnic....
you've organized at Teiji Moriya?
What... picnic are you talking about?
Well, it's Shinichi, who has received the invitation,
but it turns out he won't be able to go.
Do you want to come too, Conan? Oh, yes, I do!
And why should I go to a party instead of Shinichi, me?
In Teiji Moriya is a very famous architect all over the world.
A famous detective and a famous architect at the same party!
A famous detective and a famous architect?
(He thinks) "That was easier than I thought."
I won't get too far ahead of you, Conan, you'll be asked for the invitation.
Endavant.
Gràcies.
(At the same time) Oooh!
What a palace!
It is a typical building of the Stuart dynasty,
who reigned in England in the seventeenth century.
Eh?
I didn't know you were an expert in architecture.
My child, I've always been told I look like a walking library.
Look right and left.
Oooooh!
Have you seen it?
If you stand in the middle and look right and left,
everything you see is identical!
Both the garden and the building.
Exactly.
It's a configuration called "symmetry".
Professor Moriya spent his childhood in England.
That's why his architecture reflects
a strong influence of the English style
and most of all... everything...
Ah, yes.
In his works you can also see very clearly
the symmetry of classical architecture.
"But he cheats!"
He even modified the ideograms of his first name to make them symmetrical.
to make them symmetrical.
"A sonado like any other."
I have never seen such a beautiful garden!
It's beautiful!
I'm so glad you like it.
Pleased to meet you.
I'm Teiji Moriya.
Ho-hello, my name is Ran Mouri.
I've come with my father and Conan Edogawa.
In Shinichi..., I mean, Mr. Kudo couldn't come,
and he asked us to come and say hello.
Oh... Well, well.
So Mr. Kudo couldn't make it.
No, but this gentleman is also a great detective.
Listen up!
What do you mean by "also"?
Ahem...
My name is Kogoro Mouri.
Wow, you're the famous detective as well!
You're the famous detective, so!
How do you do?
Please come in.
The party is being held in the back garden.
Oh... This garden is also beautiful!
"Aaah... It's clear that we're in the home of a prestigious architect."
"This is full of musicians and models,
"of presidents of multinationals and famous sportsmen."
"There are also many actors. It's all familiar faces from TV."
Serve yourselves without mania and have a good time,
that's why I invited you.
How well presented!
These pastries are all homemade? Of course they are.
When you organize a snack at home,
you must serve homemade pastries.
Try whatever you like.
Thank you.
What do you think?
Do you like candy?
Yes!

What delicious cookies! I'm so glad.
I can see it was worth it,
the effort I made yesterday to prepare everything.
What a surprise, professor!
Do you cook too?
Of course, I'm a bachelor, Miss.
All this you see here,
from the cakes and the sandwiches to the cookies,
I've made it myself.
They say:
"If you want to be well served, make your own bed."
-Oh.
He's a perfectionist!
Now I understand where these beautiful buildings you design come from.
If they weren't beautiful, they wouldn't be considered architecture, sir.
Architects starting out now don't know what real beauty is.
They should feel more responsible for their work.
By the way, Mr. Mouri,
do you mind if I propose a little riddle?
-A... riddle? -Yes.
Let me guess the password
the computers of a company run by three friends of mine.
I'm sure it will be a very easy challenge,
by the famous detective Kogoro Mouri.
(Guests) Oh!
(Guests: exclamations of surprise)
(Guests: exclamations of surprise) All right.
Go ahead, then.
"You're in a lot of trouble."
Here you go... the details of my three friends.
The password is a 4-syllable word
that all 3 have in common.
You want to give your father a hand, Ran?
You have 3 minutes.
You can also try to solve the riddle, if you want.
(Guests: whispers)
Attention, gentlemen!
Only 3 minutes!
The 3 names have no syllables in common.
The birth dates and blood groups do not match either.
In addition, they do not share any hobbies.
This is going to be harder than I thought.
What could it be?
They must have something in common.
(Guests: whispers)
Oh... I give up!
I'd like to know what he'll say, the detective.
-I'm intrigued.
I don't know if he'll come out, the father.
(thinks) "Wait a minute!"
"These 3 people were born a year apart."
"I know!"
It's Momotaro!
What?
Momotaro?!
It's Chinese astrology.
A year of the monkey, a year of the rooster and a year of the dog...
The monkey, the rooster and the dog.
All 3 are disciples of Momotaro, right?
The answer is correct.
You have left me in awe.
"Sometimes I have to make a fool of you too, Mr. Kogoro."
As a reward for getting the riddle right, Conan,
come and I'll show you my photo gallery.
Do you want to come, too, Ran? Yes!
Don't worry, there's no hurry.
Oh!
Look, Ran!
Remember that?
Gee, that's right!
It's Dr. Kurokawa's house.
Poor doctor!
He was murdered recently, wasn't he? Yes.
I designed this house shortly after I started working.
All these buildings were conceived when I was about 30 years old.
I was very young and inexperienced, still.
Don't be too picky, please.
"Eh? You even designed a bridge!"
By the way, Ran.
You and Mr. Shinichi Kudo are good friends?
How so?
As a matter of fact, yes.
We've been friends since we were little, and we go to high school together.
It's been a long time since we've seen each other.
But Sunday is his birthday, Shinichi's birthday....,
I mean Mr. Kudo's,
and we've arranged to go to the movies together in the evening.
Oh!
How nice, I'm sure you'll have a great time!
I suppose you've already bought him a present.
No, I'll buy it for him on Saturday.
It just so happens that our favorite color is red....
Besides, it will be our lucky color for the whole month of May.
That's why I've decided to get him a red polo shirt.
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha!
It's a fabulous idea!
She'll be thrilled.
Yes.
"Come on!"
"I still haven't figured out what excuse I'll give him, on my birthday."
This is the Beika tower, I think.
Effectively.
It's where we're going to the movies, Saturday.
We're meeting right here, at the Beika Cinemas, Saturday at 10 o'clock.
Are you serious?
It's one of my best works.
It's the ideal place for young couples like yourselves
to celebrate parties and birthdays.
"I made it good!"
If you're hungry, order a pizza, got it?
Yes.
(Shinichi voice) It's 10 hours to 10 o'clock at night.
I'm lost!
See you later!

But why am I hiding, me, now?
And why didn't you tell him no before it was too late?
(Conan voice) I couldn't say no!
She looked so excited counting the days to go
that I couldn't say no.
Could you make a robot that would be like a Shinichi double?
I'm afraid not... We geniuses have limitations too.
What's up with that!
"The day before yesterday, a robbery was committed at Toyo's powder magazine."
"The thieves made off with a large quantity of explosives...
"And hundreds of kilos of octogen."
"The police are investigating the case,
"but have not yet found any clues
"to identify the criminals."
It's a rather worrying matter.
You are right.
The octogen mixed with plastic forms an explosive
they call a "plastic bomb."
"...of the late Dr. Korokawa, located in Haidocho,
"in the Yamate district."
It's the house where we went the other day!
Ah... Where was that murder?
Hey, there's been a lot of arson lately.
"...besides, it's likely that the one responsible for the fire...
- (phone) - (TV: turn down the volume)
(Ring)
Yes, Agasa, tell me.
(Man: voice distorted) "May I speak to Shinichi Kudo?"
Aaa... Yes, wait a moment.
They want to talk to you.
And how do they know I'm here?
Not that they know, huh?
Don't you remember that we forwarded to here...
all the calls you get on your home phone?
That's right, sorry, Agasa...
Since lately almost nobody calls asking for me..,
I forgot about it.
It seems to me that this caller...
also uses a voice transformer.
(Shinichi voice) Tell me?
"Are you Shinichi Kudo?" Yes.
"Have you seen the news?"
"It was me, who stole the explosives from Toyo's powder magazine."
What?!
"Give me your cell phone number, please."
Why do I have to give my cell phone number to a criminal?
"Because it will be the only way you will be able
"to get in touch with me."
Okay.
Write it down.
Roger that.
Now, take your cell phone and come to Teimuzu Park...
I'll show you something you'll like.
In the park?
"If you don't hurry, many children will die."
What?! (Communication cut off)
Shinichi! I've got to go.
It could be a joke, the call!
The voice sounded very distorted, I don't think he was joking.
Do me a favor, call Inspector Megure.
Understood.
Be careful! Don't be afraid!
Let me go, Mitsuhiko!
-I want to play, too!
Don't be so impatient!
Piloting a drone isn't as easy as it looks.
Hey, Mitsuhiko!
Where did you get it from, this drone?
Conan!
A bearded man gave it to me a while ago.
He told us it was an explosive gift!
"Explosive", you say?
(thinks) "There's something attached to its belly!"
"It's a bomb!"
Give me that, Mitsuhiko! Don't sneak in!
Now it's my turn!
It's carrying a bomb, this thing!
(Knock)
Oh!
Watch out!
Geez, the antenna is broken! Look at the plane, Conan!
I can't control it... Hurry, mail!
(They call)
Not that way, cork ends!
Do something, Conan!
What a mess!
Oh!
Aaaaaaaah!
It's coming back!
Up you go!
(Shouting)
(People: exclamations of surprise)
-There has been an explosion! -Was it an airplane?
Maybe it was fireworks!
But how is it possible?
It was an octogen bomb!
(Mobile)
What are you trying to do?
(Man: voice distorted) "Where is it, in Kudo?"
(Think) "Oysters!"
"I get it."
"He thinks a little kid like you can get rid of me."
"But has he seen me or what? He's spying on me from somewhere!"
Listen to me carefully.
"In an hour another bomb will go off."
In an hour?
"It will be in the square right in front of Beika station."
"If you can't go to Kudo, look for it yourself."
Wait a minute!
I'm a child!
I won't be able to find her.
Give me some more clues!
"What do you feel me?"
It's under a tree, but it's not buried.
If you don't hurry, maybe someone will take it.
Hurry up! Conan!
Hey, Conan!

Where are you going, Conan?
(Thinking) "Ten minutes to go."
"I can't find her, there's nothing here."
Good morning to you.
"What do you mean, it's under a tree?"
"And that someone might take it away?"
Oh!
It says here, "Somebody take me."
Ooooh!
That you have been abandoned, my poor thing?
Fear not, you shall live with me, in my house.
"Under a tree... the bench is made of wood..."
"The tree... The cat!"
What were you looking for, my dear?
Eh?
Wait, lady!
Ah!
You fucking brat!
Didn't they teach you to look at the traffic lights?!
Excuse me!
He's leaving!
Only 5 minutes left.
Hurry up!
4 minutes to go.
What luck!
There's a little traffic jam.
What is it?
What is it now?
It's still daylight!
Wow!
It must have broken down when they were about to run me over.
(horn)
Hey, kid!
Can I borrow your bike?
Thief!
Why did you call me "kid"?
If it was smaller than me!
The cab is starting!
3 minutes to go.
Now that I think about it, it seems to me that this street pulls to the left.
(Wheels: squeaking)
Aaaah!
Did you hurt yourself, kid?
Eh?
Give me that cage, senyora.
Oh! (screeching)
25 seconds to go!
You didn't hurt yourself, then, boy? No.
"What now? I can't let the bomb go off in here."
"What can I do?"
"It's stopped! Come on!"
"At the edge of the highway there's a wasteland."
What's that?
It's a skateboard, isn't it?
It's working again!
(People: shouting)
I'll take this one.
You mean it's not too flashy?
(TV: woman) "The boy who was injured
"when he was trying to walk away from a bomb in a Tokyo suburb,
"has been admitted to hospital, where he continues to receive medical treatment."
Mm?
Hey, Conan!
He's waking up!
Conan!
How are you feeling?
Where am I?
In the hospital.
Conan!
Can you explain to me what happened?
-Now is not the time to... -I want a logical explanation!
You'll talk to him later, man.
Go tell the doctor.
-Conan! -Calm down at once!
Mm?
-Hm. Yes?
The patient is out of danger.
The EEG results are normal.
We'll be able to discharge him tomorrow.
Thank you very much, doctor.
-You'll be fine soon. -Be well and take care of yourself.
Sorry to interrupt, Conan.
May I have a word with you?
I need to know what happened.
Hm.
I get it.
You took the bike so that the bomb would go off
as far away from the residential area as possible, right?
Yes.
Listen, Inspector...
The bomber will contact me
by calling Shinichi's cell phone,
but it's forbidden to use cell phones here at the hospital.
So there's no need to worry, Conan.
This ward is completely separate from the main building.
There are no electronic devices.
As long as you are here,
you can use your cell phone quietly and safely.
Dr. Agasa explained it to me.
That's why you're in this room.
That's perfect.
Mr. Kogoro, I'm sorry for denting that bicycle,
will it do you nothing to pay for the repair?
That's just the same!
But why did you risk it?
You were very lucky, but you could have been badly hurt!
I'm sorry...
Besides, where did you go, Shinichi?
Because it seems to me that that guy called on your cell phone.
Yes, but he had a lot of things to do...
and he asked Conan to take over the case.
-When I see that coward... I'll teach him not to hide.
"He-he-he... This is not a good time to tell him I'm Shinichi Kudo."
Mr. Inspector, have they found out what the bombs were made of?
Yes.
Oh, of course they did.
Both the drone bomb and the cage bomb...
were plastic bombs.
"I thought so."
"That half-orange, half-blue glow...
"That's typical of plastic bombs."
Both bombs were made
with the explosives stolen from the Toyo powder magazine.
The drone bomb was an impact bomb
with a built-in detonator.
In contrast, the device in the cage was a time bomb
connected to a timer.
But as he said in Conan,

the timer is stuck 16 seconds before the explosion.
It got stuck.
There can be two reasons.
The first one is that the timer is simply broken.
The second possible explanation is...
the bomber stopped the countdown for some reason,
by remote control.
If we take into account that our man is called expressly in Kudo,
we can deduce that he has heard about
of the "famous teenage detective" Shinichi Kudo
and wanted to challenge her,
or maybe it's a personal vendetta.
I have been doing some research.
All the criminals Shinichi Kudo has unmasked...
are serving time in prison.
-But he could be a relative of one of the criminals.
The police are analyzing the sketch
these guys have made of the suspected terrorist.
It's this one, Conan.
Doesn't it look like him?
-We've drawn him between the three of us.
Man, at least he has some very well marked features.
(He thinks) "But this drawing doesn't give me any clue".
"This guy uses a voice transformer."
"Therefore, it could be that we know each other."
Mr. Inspector, of all the cases Shinichi has solved so far,
what do you think has caused the most stir among the public?
Mmm...
Well, now that you mention it, such was the case... of Mayor Okamoto,
the mayor of Nishitama.
"A 25-year-old girl from Nishitama was run over and killed...
"by the car driven by the mayor's son."
"She died practically on the spot."
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!
"At first, it looked like an ordinary traffic accident.
"in which the mayor had just happened to be involved,
"But Kudo began to suspect that there was something fishy going on."
We found this cigarette at the scene of the accident,
right next to the victim's body.
There were traces of your son's saliva on it, Mr. Mayor.
It's yours, isn't it? Aa... Yes.
When he ran over the girl..,
"I ran out of the car to try to help her."
"The cigarette... I'd drop it when I got out."
I figured as much.
Considering he's almost in one piece,
I'd say he didn't even take two puffs.
I dropped it when I'd just lit it.
With a lighter? Yes.
And what lighter did you use?
I used the car lighter.
I have a small favor to ask.
Get in the car and light a cigarette.
What's that?
Just make it look.
What you should do is put on your seat belt, please.
Okay, okay, okay, okay.
Here you go.
Use this package.
It's the same brand
as the cigarette we found at the accident site.
Quiet.
That's right.
To grab the lighter from the driver's seat,
you have to reach out with your left hand.
But it turns out that on the lighter
only the prints of your right hand were found on the lighter.
You know what I mean, Kohei?
Maybe I used my lighter...
No.
No?
You left your lighter at home.
You got into the car without a lighter.
Besides, we've been told that your father doesn't smoke.
Therefore, I'm quite sure...
that he took the car's lighter from the passenger seat.
You were next to your father, who was driving.
We've been fooled by changing all the prints on the car.
The position of the seat and the angle of the rearview mirror were perfect.
But they overlooked
the prints your son had left on the cigarette lighter,
Mayor Okamoto.
Yes.
My son, in Kohei,
wanted to protect my good name, my prestige as a politician..,
and decided that he would say he was driving.
(Cries)
The truth is that it was me, who was driving the car.
I apologize.
"Father!"
Because of this, Mayor Okamoto was dismissed,
and the great project he had undertaken,
which was to build a whole new district of Nishitama,
came to a standstill.
It could be that the mayor's son wanted to take revenge
for what Shinichi Kudo discovered.
Come to think of it,
that boy was a student at the School of Electrical Engineering.
I'll look into it.
Guys, do you remember any other details about the man you saw in the park?
Anything can help us.
Thinking a little bit...
Mmm... The smell.
The smell?!
When you gave the plane to Mitsuhiko,
I noticed that it had a nice smell.
-Are you sure?

I didn't smell anything special.
-I didn't either.
-Maybe she was wearing some perfumed makeup.
-I don't know, but... it didn't smell like perfume.
"A nice smell?"
If you remember anything else, let me know right away, okay?
(At the same time) Yes!
It's getting pretty late, I think we should get going.
-You're right.
Besides, Conan has already recovered.
If you need anything, let me know and I'll come right away, eh?
Thanks, Ayumi...
Wow.
I'm so jealous!
I'd give anything to stay at the hospital.
You're in demand, Conan.
You'll be a real seducer in the end!
"If you knew I was..."
Goodbye, Conan... We'll call each other!
-See you soon, Conan! -Goodbye!
Where the hell did he go, in Kudo?
He always disappears when we need him most!
Mm? He-he-he-he...
(Mobile)
Just a minute, Conan.
If it's the bomber, put him through to me, will you?
Hello?
(Man: voice distorted) "Congratulations!"
"You've found the bomb."
"But this is not a child's game."
"I want to talk to Kudo immediately!"
Very well, if that's what you want, we'll talk man to man.
"Who do I talk to? Where is he, in Kudo?"
He's not in Kudo.
From now on, you'll talk to me.
I am the famous detective... Kogoro Mouri.
"(River) Understood."
I will only tell you one and be attentive.
I have placed 5 bombs on Toto's circle line.
What did you put... 5 bombs?!
"They will start exploding at 4 o'clock in the afternoon.
"If the trains run at less than 60 kilometers per hour."
"If you fail to defuse them,
"they will explode when the sun goes down."
"I will give you only one clue."
"The bombs are in the 'blah'....
"From the 'blah, blah' of Toto's circular line."
"Each 'blah' corresponds to a syllable."
I wish you luck, famous detective Mouri.
(Pip)
(Communication cut off)
This is a meaningless bluff.
There can't be any bombshell, to the circular line!
It sounded to me like he meant it.
At 4 p.m., the detonator will start the countdown.
"If the trains run at less than 40 miles an hour...,
"The bombs will explode."
Right.
Excuse me, gentlemen.
I have to call headquarters.
Headquarters?
This is Inspector Megure.
(Thinking) "I agree with Inspector Megure."
"But I don't understand what he's after, this terrorist."
"What drives him to do all this?"
(Train: acoustic signal)
(Beep)
- (Panter) -Ugh!
We caught it by the skin of our teeth!
Today we're in luck, guys!
(Man) What?
They've put 5 bombs on the circle line?!
(Man) We just got the call from the police station.
-Stop all the trains right now and search them.
No!
We can't stop the trains!
-How?
The bombs are scheduled
to explode from 4:00 p.m. onwards
if the trains slow down
to less than 60 kilometers per hour.
No way!
It's only 3 minutes to 4 o'clock!
-You must immediately order all the drivers on the circular line
to go faster than 60 kilometers per hour
or not to go less than 70!
-And those who are stopped at the stations?
Let them begin to circulate!
-And those who are about to stop? -Let them continue!
It is very important not to stop any trains
until we have located all the bombs!
-Kusunoki! -Kusunoki!
It's an emergency!
It's an emergency!
Alert the conductors on the circle line!
There are bombs on all trains!
"If they run at less than 60 kilometers per hour, they will explode!"
"Do not go below 60 kilometers per hour!"
"We repeat. There are bombs on all trains!"
"If they run at less than 60 kilometers per hour, they will explode!"
Mm?
This train does some very strange things, doesn't it?
-What do you find strange?
That we're about to arrive at Beika station,
but instead of braking it's accelerating.
(Megaphone: male) "Notice to all passengers."
"Due to an emergency situation,
"This train will not stop at Beika station."
What do you mean, an emergency situation?

"We inform you that the train of the Toto circular line,
"which was scheduled to stop on track number 4,
"will pass over due to an emergency."
Yeah, okay.
Okay, guys.
I've been confirmed that, so far, there's been no explosion.
I think I understand now, Inspector Megure.
You understand what, Kogoro?
It seems to me that the "blah" of the "blah, blah"...
can only be "under the seats", or "on top of the luggage racks".
The bombs must be in one of these places.
But it could also be under the trains, Kogoro.
Well... Maybe...
If my memory serves me correctly, Conan's friends have said...
they would take the circle line train to Midoridai
so they could go directly to Beika.
"We repeat."
"This train will continue to run without stopping at any station."
"If you see any suspicious objects inside the carriages,
"Do not touch it and immediately notify the conductor."
What?
A suspicious object?
What do you mean?
-Something that catches your attention.
-And what is it, something that catches your eye?!
-Well... something... that...
(Transmitter) "Ayumi, can you hear me?"
Conan!
I feel you, go ahead.
Where do I get off, now? "We're still on the train."
I was afraid of it.
Hey, Conan!
What's all this mess about?
Don't tell me there's something on trains that starts with "bom."
Don't worry, guys.
It's all right.
I already told you!
The bombs could be anywhere on the line,
not just the trains!
-Bombs?! - Wow!
You mean... we'll all die, Conan?
Don't worry!
They'll find them before they explode!
Conan...
Enough of this!
We can't let Conan take the fall for everything!
We must participate in the investigation!
The Junior Detective League takes action!
- The League of... -... Junior Detectives?
You're absolutely right!
The bombs must be hidden in some corner of the wagons.
Let's go, let's go!
The Junior Detective League must intervene!
(At the same time) SIII!
Listen to me, guys!
Communication has been cut off.
I don't know if we're gonna make it.
All right, we got it.
Understood.
An emergency committee has been assembled.
I'm going to the control room on the Toto line.
Will you come with me?
Yes.
At your orders.
It's already half past five, gentlemen.
As we can see from the helicopter,
it's been more than half an hour since the Toto circle line trains...
have been running without interruption.
They have not stopped at any station.
The Toto police station did not want to give us many details,
"It has only communicated to us
"That this is a very delicate emergency situation."
"I don't think the police can hide what's going on.
"Much longer."
"The police assure us that everything is under control."
A nurse left it for me.
Go look at it in the room, run.
"I understand that the bombs are set to go off.
"if the trains are running at less than 60 kilometers per hour,
"But I don't understand why they have to explode
"if they're not defused before the sun goes down."
"Why would they explode... when the sun goes down?"
"What if they were connected to the headlights of the trains?"
Here is what you have required.
Very good profit.
The red polo shirt is very nice, Ran.
It looks great on you.
Thank you, Ran.
You know what?
This month, our lucky color is red.
Ah...
Actually, I haven't seen Shinichi for a long time, too.
How would you like it, if I came with you?
What?
N-no need, woman!
The movie is very, very boring,
and on the face of it, Shinichi is pretty boring, too.
Don't worry, I'm just kidding.
I don't want to hold the candle all night.
You take everything so seriously that I love to tease you.
Oh, you're quite a case.
And has your father given you permission
to go to the movies at night with a boy?
He didn't like it at first, but I didn't listen to him.
By now, I'm sure he and Conan...
must be talking about what bargain pizza to order for dinner.
(Men: talking at the same time)
Are you absolutely sure
that you haven't found any suspicious objects inside the cars?
Yes.
The inspectors inspected all 21 cars from top to bottom.

trains that are running on the Toto line,
and there are only objects of the passengers.
Have you discovered anything?
The security cameras that are monitoring the tracks...
have not registered any strange movements,
and we haven't found any artifacts under the trains either.
It's hopeless.
-Where could they have put them, these damn bombs?
-The situation is critical, Mr. Conductor!
The passengers are starting to get nervous!
Can you tell us when they are going to stop the train?
- (child: crying) -What the hell is going on!
My son has a stomach ache and won't stop crying.
Let me off the train, please!
What is it, this suspicious object you are looking for?
-It can't be a bomb, can it?! - A bomb?!
This is too much!
I've got to get out of here!
I have to get out of here!
-Don't jump off the train, sir! -I have to get out of here!
If you jump, you'll break your bones!
(Man) "I can't take it anymore, Mr. Conductor!"
-Hold on to something else!
Mouri!
Can't you think of any brilliant idea to locate the bombs?!
The sun will set in about an hour and a half.
These bombs that are to explode when the sun goes down
remind me of the turbo skateboard I designed for you.
Since it runs on solar energy,
when the sun goes down you can't use it.
Yes... The sun.
That's right!
I think I understand, doctor!
Eh?
(Mobile)
Megure.
(Shinichi voice) "Inspector, this is Kudo."
Oh!
Kudo!
Thank goodness!
Dr. Agasa has made me five cents on the situation.
The bombs that have been placed on the circle line
and that we have been looking for a long time...
are not under the seats, nor on the luggage racks,
nor under the trains.
They are on the same track!
On the same track?
The bomber has programmed them to explode automatically
if no sunlight hits them for a few seconds.
"When the train passes over the bombs," he says,
"It blocks the sunlight, but only momentarily."
"Each car makes 20 meters long."
"A train of 10 cars makes 200 meters long."
"A train running at 60 kilometers per hour
"Travels about 16.7 meters per second."
"This means that it takes 12 seconds to travel 200 meters."
"If the train travels at less than 60 kilometers per hour,
"It will take more time to pass over the bomb
"And it will cause the explosion."
"They have to move the trains from the circle line to another track."
"If they take the trains off the circle line,
"they will be immediately out of danger."
Understood.
Mr. Sakaguchi, give the appropriate orders.
Hm.
In 3 minutes, we'll divert train number 11...
at the Shibahama Station freight track.
Go ahead!
-Train number 11, train number 11. Switching in 3 minutes.
Shibahama Station, activate the turnout!
Transfer freight trains on dead tracks!
"Train number 11 has just passed Kawashina Station."
"Train number 10 has passed through Shibahama Station."
"Switch tracks!"
I start to slow down.
68 kilometers per hour.
66.
64. 63.
"62."
"61."
"60!"
59. 58.
Have you noticed anything strange?
"No! Everything is fine."
"Understood!"
"Continue downshifting and stop at the next charging station."
Okay!
It worked!
No!
We can't breathe easy, though.
There are 30 cars still passing over the bombs.
(Man: radio) "This is train number 9. No problem."
- "This is train number 20. All right."
Only one left!
This is train number 10. I'm running at 55 per hour.
No news!
(All) Hooray!
We made it!
(All) All right!
We made it!
It was a success!
I congratulate you!
You have resolved the situation with impressive skill.
I congratulate you too.
Now, the job is for the police.
What a break!
Finally they let us off!
I'll never get on the train again when the doors are closed.
Yes?
That's great!
(Ayumi) "Conan, did you find out where the bombs were placed?"
No, it was Shinichi who solved the mystery.

Actually, the police have not yet located them, the bombs.
The bombs are scheduled
to explode from 4 o'clock in the afternoon.
They are in a place
where they are not shaded by any buildings or fences.
Check the position of the sun
and, above all, try not to cover them with your own shadow.
I found a bomb!
Here is one!
I found one!
Located!
Bomb located!
Perfect.
They were able to remove all the pumps from the track.
That's great! Yes!
Thanks to Shinichi's deductive skills.
Only 10 minutes to sunset.
That was a close call, Megure.
Anyway, it's too early to claim victory.
The bombs we found on the track only contained about a quarter of the octogen.
a quarter of the octogen stolen a few days ago.
This means... the bomber has 75% of the explosives at his disposal.
Sorry for the delay.
Have you found anything? Yes.
I was able to confirm that former Mayor Okamoto's son...
left on a trip to Izu first thing this morning.
Therefore, he's innocent.
Yes.
Is there any... any news on the bombing issue?
It's all solved.
Thanks to Kudo's help.
But the bomber still has a lot of octogen left.
And we don't know who he is and the only thing we can be sure of, as of today,
is that this individual does not live near the circle line.
Other than that, we don't have any leads.
Eh?
It's obvious, isn't it?
If the bombs had exploded,
the buildings around the track...
would have been affected by the shockwave.
I mean, you didn't set up this setup because...
This morning, when you stopped the timer on the bomb...
that was inside the cage...
maybe he stopped it for the same reason.
There on the edge there was a playground and a building.
Of course!
The terrorist must live in that building!
Sir!
We have to search from top to bottom right now!
(Kogoro) There was nothing?
No, I searched the building in question and all the surrounding buildings,
and we found nothing.
-The neighbors are innocent. Wow, what a mess.
Mr. Inspector, how high up the track were the bombs on the circle line placed?
the bombs on the circle line?
Mm... Let's see, let's see... It was an ordinary neighborhood.
I remember!
One was near the bridge that crosses the Sumida canal.
On the bridge?
It's just this bridge.
Eh?
(Inaudible)
(Thinking) "Wait a minute!"
"Professor Moriya has a picture of this bridge, in his gallery!"
Listen, this bridge was designed by Professor Moriya, right?
What?
Now that you mention it...
(Shiratori) Exactly.
Yes, it's the work of Teiji Moriya.
It was built in 1983.
Stone was used instead of steel
to imitate English bridges,
that's why it attracted public attention.
Thanks to the design of this bridge,
the architects' association of Japan awarded him
the best newcomer of the year award at Teiji Moriya.
How come you know so much about Moriya?
It's just that architecture has always interested me.
"Next, we need to talk about a new arson."
"The police claim..."
Stop it.
We're getting distracted.
Yes.
"How curious!"
"The building where Mr. Kurokawa lived, which burned down recently.
"I had also designed it at Teiji Moriya."
Gentlemen, perhaps you should investigate...
which architect designed the buildings that are burning down.
Because I think you might find some pretty interesting constants.
Any interesting constants?
Is this where it's been? Hm.
Thanks for coming with me to buy the polo shirt.
You're welcome!
I know how the date went.
Don't be shy and kiss him!
It's nine o'clock.
It's still an hour away.
Are all the buildings in Teiji Moriya?
Yes.
The burned houses,
that is, the Kurokawa, Mizushima, Yasuda and Akutsu residences,
were all designed by Professor Moriya
when he was in his early 30s.
This cannot be a mere coincidence.
Perhaps the real objective of the terrorist...
was to blow up that bridge, not to destroy the trains.
Eh?
Blow up the bridge?
Apparently,
both the arsonist and the suspected bomber...

try to destroy structures designed by Professor Moriya.
Of course they are!
I know that, Mr. Inspector!
The man we are looking for must be someone who wants to take revenge on Professor Moriya,
or someone who envies her for her professional success.
The challenge you issued to Shinichi...
was just a simple diversionary ploy!
You're right, kid.
It's more than likely.
Hi agree, inspector.
The material used to set fire to the burned buildings
is homemade.
Our arsonist has a lot of things in common
with this bomber.
"All of the buildings destroyed were Moriya's designs.
"And, specifically, the beginning of his career."
Let's go!
Let's go to Moriya's house, interrogate him right now.
Bring him to us, Mouri.
Ah... Now I don't remember where I was.
Kogoro!
I remember.
I'll go with you.
Don't talk nonsense, you must rest!
I feel fine now.
Hurry, let's go! Wait, Conan!
"Do well, you can do it, Shinichi."
Mr. Mouri, we are now passing the exact spot...
...where the timer stopped this morning.
Well...
"A playground..."
My goodness!
What a way to go up and down all day!
And it's all because of this one!
They're right, it must be more than just a coincidence.
Do you have any enemies
who might want to destroy your works, Mr. Moriya?
Aaaa... Let's remember...
The one in this picture is me when I was 10 years old, Conan.
I like it very much, this picture.
I'm with my parents.
Your father was also very famous, wasn't he, Professor Moriya?
Yes, very.
He was a famous architect, imitated all over the world.
He worked mostly in England.
I myself am a great admirer of his works.
-It's been quite a few years since he died. Indeed, young man, it's been 15 years.
He set fire to his summerhouse.
My mother was there too.
They left me this house as an inheritance.
Was it from that moment on,
that your projects began to get such positive reviews?
What?
Ah, yes.
"Eh? This smell...!"
"What if it was...?"
Can you give us any clues as to who the person we're looking for might be?
Aaa... I don't know, maybe yes.
Aaa...
"The buildings he designed when he was between 30 and 33 years old....
"Start here."
"Dr. Kurokawa's house, the Mizushima residence,
"Yasuda Palace, Akutsu Residence and the bridge."
"Wait a minute! It's the bridge!"
"Sure!"
He was very was young and inexperienced, though, don't be picky, please.
"Now I fall! No, it can't be true."
"But that smell..."
"Eh?"
The first time I was here I didn't notice that.
" 'Nishitama, my new utopian city."
Come to think of it...
Because of this, Mayor Okamoto was ousted,
and the great project he had undertaken,
which was to build a whole new district of Nishitama,
came to a standstill.
Of course!
The author of that great project was Professor Teiji Moriya!
A whole new district completely symmetrical.
It's just like the lamppost I saw next to the park!
I think I'm beginning to understand what happened.
This means that the terrorist is him!
But I have no proof.
In these circumstances, I can only improvise.
I have to be creative.
Ah!
This will do!
Now I need scissors, tape and a marker.
A lighter?
Are you sure you have no idea who it might have been?
I'm sorry I can't help you, gentlemen.
Don't suffer.
If you think of anything, don't hesitate to let us know right away.
Mm?
Where should it be, now, in Conan? (Mobile)
Will you excuse me for a moment? (Mobile)
(Mobile)
Inspector Megure.
Oh, it's in Kudo!
All right, you guys.
We're on our way to this gallery now.
Mr. Moriya,
would you mind showing us the photo gallery?
On the contrary, it will be a pleasure...
May I have a moment in my office?
Of course, of course.
Let's go, then.
Come with me.
The gallery is on the second floor.
Come in, gentlemen.
Eh? (Mobile) Oh, another...
(Mobile) Oh, another...
Inspector Megure.
Yes, we're already in the gallery.
(Shinichi's voice) Inspector, put on the loudspeaker...
because everyone feels good about my explanation.
(Voice Shinichi) Okay.

"Gentlemen, I can announce that I have succeeded in...
"deciphered the riddle of the fires and the bombs."
Are you serious?
You've discovered the identity of the bomber?
Not so fast!
I've figured it out too.
The terrorist is you, Inspector Shiratori!
What are you saying?!
Earlier you said you admired Professor Moriya's father.
After the strange death of his father,
Professor Moriya received many awards,
and you began to doubt his innocence.
You suspected that he had set fire to the house himself, to kill his parents.
From this deduction, you began to destroy one by one....
all the buildings that Professor Moriya had designed.
The admiration he felt for the father...
turned into a desire for revenge against the son.
Moreover, when the terrorist of the circle line is called..,
you were not there!
-I... may I know what you are talking about?
Isn't that exactly, what you wanted to say, Shinichi?
"No." Aaaaah!
"The criminal doesn't want revenge on Professor Moriya."
He's the person who designed the 4 burned houses and the bridge,
that is, Professor Moriya himself!
In Moriya!
(At the same time) Professor ?!
You are an end of thunder!
Architects are in the business of building,
not to destroy their own works!
"Professor Moriya...
"He inherited his father's talent for architecture,
"and designed his first building when he was very young,
"when he was barely 30 years old."
This, we already know.
Thanks to the Circular Line Bridge project,
the architects' association of Japan
awarded him the prize for the best newcomer of the year.
"And thanks to that award,
"He kept receiving more and more commissions."
"But one day, all of a sudden,"
or perhaps he had been planning it for a long time,
he felt like destroying
everything he had designed at the beginning of his career.
And this can be deduced
from what he himself said on the day of the outdoor picnic.
If they weren't beautiful, they couldn't be considered architecture, sir.
Architects starting out now don't know what real beauty is.
The professor acted on this noble principle.
What you say makes me think... Wait a minute!
How the hell can you know all this, if you weren't there!
"Silence, gentlemen."
"Look at the photographs that surround you."
"In the first one, we see the Kurokawa residence."
"Then come the Mizushima residence.
"Yasuda Palace, Akutsu Residence and the bridge."
These early works reflect
the influence of British architecture,
but, gentlemen, is there anything that catches your eye?
To me all these buildings look fantastic.
Look at them!
The symmetry of the structures is not perfect!
Just the wood!
There are slight differences between the right and left side.
Probably, Professor Moriya had to give up perfection...
to satisfy the demands of his clients
or to meet the conditions set by the law.
But he was a man of rather rigid values
and, as such, could not tolerate any imperfection.
"At that moment, an unexpected obstacle....
"Obstructed for the first time his brilliant career,
"which he had managed to forge with so much effort."
"A project on which he had been working for a long time...
"and which consisted of completely renovating a district in Nishitama...
"was suspended because the mayor was dismissed."
That's right!
That project was also led by Professor Moriya!
"The professor challenged me, the teenage detective,
"To try to undermine my prestige and achieve one of his goals:
"Revenge."
"But he had a second goal."
"The house fires were just a ploy
"to overshadow the destruction of the circle line bridge."
This morning, when he stopped the timer,
he stopped it to save the lampposts on the side of the playground.
Because those lampposts were the symbol of the new Nishitama district.
"The professor couldn't destroy them so he designed them himself.
"imitating the London lampposts he loved so much."
Am I wrong?
That's very interesting reasoning, Kudo.
But unfortunately, you don't have any evidence to support it.
I do have proof!
They are behind the model.

What is all this?
The terrorist's disguise!
It's impossible!
He had it in the safe!
(Conan voice) Yes sir!
The terrorist's disguise is still hidden
in the safe in his office.
What the...?!
These are my glasses, Moriya.
I've painted the lenses with a black marker.
Aaaaah!
The beard and the wig I made them
with the hair from a helmet that was in the office,
gluing them with glue.
I followed the instructions Shinichi gave me.
Professor Moriya, you'll have to accompany us to the police station...
Hold it right there!
If you take one more step,
I'll blow up the bombs in this house!
Don't count.
The detonator doesn't work... because the batteries are missing.
It can't be!
When did you realize?!
How did you know that the lighter was a detonator?
It's very simple: because he never uses it.
I've seen that he always lights his pipe with a long match.
The pleasant smell that Ayumi remembers...
is the smell of the pipe tobacco he smokes.
Stop it!
Fabulous!
The mystery has been solved!
In the end, we can say that everything went smoothly.
-I don't agree, Mr. Mouri.
How did it occur to you, to call me a terrorist in front of the whole world?
-I'm terribly sorry.
As the proverb says, "to err is wise".
(Laughing shockingly)
"The problem is that Kogoro is not wise at all."
He's half wrong if he thinks the case is solved.
I still have another beautiful building to fly.
Eh?
My God!
The Beika Tower!
You mean the Beika Tower isn't completely symmetrical?
Because of the bursting of the financial bubble,
I didn't get the money I needed to finish it...
It is my best work, and at the same time, my worst!
They had no right to desecrate my architecture!
And now... it's only one minute to 10.
"Ran!"
(Phone)
Hello, hello?
Ran, get out of the building right now!
What? (panicked shouting)
(Panicked screams)
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!
Are you okay, Ran?
Can you feel me?
Ran! Let-me go!
Ran, listen to me!
Are you all right, Ran?
Answer me, Ran!
You bastard!
What do you want to do to my daughter?!
- (laughs) The only thing I've done
was block the lobbies and the emergency exit.
The real show starts now.
Hey, Kudo!
Wherever you are, you've felt it, haven't you?
If you don't hurry up, when your darling bride leaves the building, you'll have to pick up the pieces!
you'll have to pick up the pieces!
You wretch!
I wouldn't forgive you! Mr. Mouri!
Get out of here, you brat!
"Fantastic!"
What is it?
A diagram of the bombs? Let's see?
I have to take this to Shinichi.
Wait a minute!
Right now there's an explosive ordnance disposal unit dispatching.
(Explosion, far away) Oh!
"We can't wait for the deactivation unit to arrive!"
(explosion, far away) Wait!
I want you to give Kudo a message for me.
Tell him I'm giving him 3 minutes, and to try to live them to the fullest.
Wait for me, Conan, wait for me!
Shiratori, keep an eye on Professor Moriya!
Yes!
- (shouts of panic) - (roar)
(sirens)
- (people: shouting) - (sirens)
Ran!
Where are you, Ran?
Ran!
Ran!
Ran!
Damn architect! Mouri!
Ran!
Inspector Megure!
May I know where the rescue team is?!
Calm down, Mouri.
Calm down!
"Hang on, Ran! I'll be right back!"
Aaaah!
Ah!
Don't cry, woman, they're coming to take us out right now.
(Phone)
Yes, hello?
"You're the Ran?" Shi... Shinichi!
"Thank God! The phone still works!"
But where were you, Shinichi?!
You always disappear when I need you the most!
Why are you doing this to me?
Why do you...?
You can't imagine how you make me suffer!
"Yes, Ran, yes."
"I'm very close to you,
"On the other side of the emergency exit
"which has been blocked by debris."
(snorts)
I've made it this far... dodging falling pieces of ceiling,
but... because of the explosion,
the door... it's warped and it's stuck,
and there's no way... there's no way to open it.
By the way, have you seen any suspicious objects inside the lobby?
like a briefcase or a backpack?

A suspicious object?
I found a rather large bag that weighs a lot...
Inside, there's some kind of digital watch.
Watch out, Ran!
It's a bomb!
A bomb?
(Screams in panic)
(Thinks) "Damn Moriya! The biggest bomb is in here!"
How much time is left, Ran?
I'll tell you now.
42 minutes and 7 seconds.
"42 minutes..."
"This means the bomb will explode at 3 minutes past 12."
"3 minutes?!"
Tell him I'm giving him 3 minutes, and that he should try to live them to the fullest.
"What do you mean, these 3 minutes?"
How did it go?
We can't get through!
The stairs are covered with debris.
It will take a while to reach the fourth floor lobby,
which is where the survivors are.
"Ran..."
"I only have 18 minutes."
"I'm running out of time and I don't know what to do!"
Listen to me, Ran.
Do you have any scissors around here?
I always carry a pair of sewing scissors in my bag.
What do you want me to do?
I want you to defuse the bomb... yourself.
Me?!
Just take it easy.
Do everything I tell you to do.
Wait a minute!
We can't understand each other on the phone.
I move closer to the door.
Hold it!
Okay, the bomb doesn't have a motion detector.
But be very slow.
Okay, okay.
Can you feel me, Shinichi?
Yes, I feel you perfectly.
I break the bossa.
Watch out.
What's happened?
Are you all right, Ran?
Hm.
Don't suffer.
I'm ready, tell me what to do.
Okay, okay, okay.
To begin with, you have to remove the top cover.
Just lift it, but don't make any sudden movements.
I've already removed the lid, Shinichi.
That's good!
Now you'll deactivate the circuit by cutting the wires.
If we cut the wrong wire, we'll pay dearly for it.
You have to start with the yellow wire at the bottom.
Can I cut it now? Yes.
Megure!
What happened to her, to the Ran? Calm down, Mouri!
The Ran is not the floor where the last explosion happened.
It's all right.
You're 10 minutes away from being able to do a puzzle with your daughter.
You bastard!
Tell me right now how to defuse these bombs, killer!
-Man, they're something special.
Even if you defuse them, the last wire is the wire of destiny.
Everything will depend on the last one.
We are flying over the Beika tower,
the last target of the terrorist architect.
I've already cut it.
That's perfect.
I think we'll make it in time.
In principle, if you cut the black wire,
the timer should stop.
The black wire?
Shi... Shinichi.
I cut the black wire, but the countdown has not stopped.
Besides, there are still two wires left.
One is blue and the other is red.
It can't be!
We've opened an access to the fourth floor and are now entering.
Please hurry!
The bomb will explode in 4 minutes!
-Mr. Mouri! -Ran, Ran..., I'll be right back!
Mr. Mouri!
Where do you think, Mr. Mouri?
-Let me be!
I have to go in, I have to save the Ran!
Don't move from here!
The rescue team has gone to get him!
-Ran! -Ran!
Raaaan!
The love of a father in anguish for his daughter...
architecture doesn't need love.
And neither does life.
"Professor Moriya didn't draw the last two wires.
"To trick me!"
"He set me up!"
What do you want me to do?
Shall I cut them both?
No way!
One of us blows up what's in front of you!
Blow up the whole building! Are you serious?!
"My God! What will it be? The red one or the blue one?"
"Which one do we have to cut?"
(chimes)
It's 12 o'clock!
I have 3 minutes left.
Please!
Which one is it?
Which one is it?!
Which one is it?
Shinichi.
What?
For many years, Shinichi...
It's just that... maybe...
maybe I won't be able to congratulate you anymore.
"Ran!"
Cut one.
Which one?
Cut the wire you like best.
But... what will happen, if I'm wrong?
It's all the same, if you're wrong.
When the time comes, we'll die anyway, Ran.
That's why I'll let you choose for yourself.
I... I can't...
Don't be afraid, Ran.
I'm staying here by your side until you cut this damn cable.
We'll be together until the end.
"Shinichi..."
"Which color do you prefer, red or blue?"
Maybe red.
Do you want to see something?

In May, our lucky color will be red.
It will be the right time to take a step forward!
Ran!
Ran!
Did you hurt yourself?
Gee, I don't feel it!
I'll call him on his cell phone.
Where is he?
No!
I must have fallen!
Hurry up!
There's a child here!
There is no longer any danger, uncle.
Au, come on.
(Conan voice) Wait a minute!
There are people who have been locked in here, behind the emergency door!
(Conan) What?
All right, wait here.
It's jammed, get the drill ready!
-(Conan) Yes!
Today is my wedding anniversary,
but I don't think I'll be able to celebrate it properly.
Tell her I'm giving her 3 minutes, and that she should try to live them to the fullest.
"Of course!"
"He has given me 3 minutes of my birthday day.
"To live them to the fullest!"
"Wait a minute! That day..."
Oh.
That's nice, I'm sure you'll have a great time.
I suppose you've already bought her a nice present.
No, I'll buy it for her on Saturday.
Our favorite color is red.
It will be our lucky color for the whole month of May.
"The lucky color... Oysters!"
Hurry up, we're out of here!
Hey, you! Ran!
Ran!
The red one is a trap!
Cut the blue one!
Don't cut the red!
Can you feel me, Ran?
Please! (Clock: ticking)
(Clock: ticking)
(Ticking)
Ran!
Ran!
Raaaaan!
Raaaaan!
(Ticking)
"Goodbye..., Shinichi."
(Ticking)
(Think) "It's... it's... impossible!"
(People: exclamations of joy)
In all units on alert:
(People: it looks like we were able to avoid the explosion.
How nice!
It's been a long time since I've had such good news, Mouri!
Isn't that right?
Thank you, Inspector Megure!
-A question about the morning news, Mr. Mouri!
Tell me how you felt and what you thought, as a detective.
All this happened because the terrorist...
wanted to harm me professionally
and set a trap for my daughter, Ran, who is a heroine.
Conan!
Did you come to see how I got out of here?
Yes, of course I did.
How come your head is bandaged? It's just that I got a little bump.
You always run too much!
Hey, you haven't seen Shinichi, have you?
Strange, he was here a moment ago.
What a pity!
And I bought him the gift...
By the way, he told me that he was a bit surprised, he said.
He was convinced that you would choose the red wire,
and he doesn't understand why you cut the blue one.
Well... because I didn't want to cut...
...the red wire.
In Shinichi and I... we are linked by a red wire, Conan.
Mm?
"I'm not wearing it! I don't wear the red thread!"
"Maybe it's because I'm now in Conan, and not Shinichi."

