(intermittent beeps)
- Oooh!
- (scoundrel: river)
(Girl) It's great!
It has taken off in the blink of an eye!
And he has seen that up there he has arrived, eh?
- (girl) And me too!
-Let me see it to me too!
(Boy binoculars) Oh, but... But wait a moment!
It can fly up to a height of ten thousand meters
and it has half an hour of autonomy.
(He thinks) "It must be a world record, this drone."
Now that I realize, at such a high altitude, how does it control it?
With a satellite tracking system.
That's why, even if it's far away, it can still steer.
The drone can fly thanks to the images
and the positioning data sent by the machine,
but it does a bad job of steering, because it has to control the direction,
the speed and the camera at the same time.
And you can know why it has built this drone?
Can't you guess?
For the spirit of adventure, man!
With this drone, I don't need to climb Everest...
to know what it feels like to do it.
Ah-ha-ha!
What a nasty laugh...
(He thinks) "And the worst thing is that the invention can bring him legal problems."
After the announcements,
we will bring you all the news from the Tokyo summit,
which is getting closer every day.
The summit will be held here.
It will be next week, at the Edge of Ocean Convention Center,
a resort located on an artificial island
in Tokyo Bay.
Edge of Ocean, which is scheduled to open to the public next month,
consists of buildings of all types
that integrate water into their designs,
as the maritime city that it is.
The Casino Tower, which is inspired by the shell of a mollusk,
in addition to functioning as a lighthouse that ensures safety at sea,
also has a viewpoint from which the entire complex can be seen.
On the other hand, in the shopping center near the tower,
we have a large waterfall and a suspended garden,
which will give moments of peace
visitors who want to take a stroll.
And there is still another element left: harmony.
The interior decoration of the Convention Center is based on the aesthetics of the gardens.
is based on the aesthetics of Japanese gardens,
all combined with the elegant restaurant on the first floor.
And that's not all!
There is also a monorail train on two levels
around the perimeter of the complex!
All this contributes to creating the atmosphere of a smart city that combines tradition with the future.
that combines tradition with the future.
As you can see, Edge of Ocean connects to the mainland via two bridges.
The summit will take place on May 1
and security will be provided by the Metropolitan Police,
which has announced that it will have a staggering 22,000 officers
of 22,000 officers protecting the area.
And next we will tell you about the Hakuchi space probe.

My name is Shinichi Kudo, I go to high school and I'm a detective.
One day I went to the amusement park with Ran Mouri,
a childhood friend of mine,
and there I witnessed a suspicious deal
between some men dressed in black.
I was so focused on watching it that I didn't realize that an accomplice
that an accomplice of theirs was approaching me from behind.
That man made me drink a poison and when I woke up?
my body had shrunk.
If those men found out that Shinichi Kudo was still alive, they would try to finish the job,
they would try to finish the job
and all the people around me would also be in danger.
Following Dr. Agasa's advice, I decided to hide my true identity,
I decided to hide my true identity
and, when the Ran asked me what my name was,
I said my name was Conan Edogawa.
To gather information from the organization, I went to live with Ran and his father,
I went to live with Ran and his father, who is a private detective.
These are in Genta, in Mitsuhiko and the Ayumi.
They are my classmates at school.
And she is the Ai Haibara.
Her name is actually Shiho Miyano.
At first she was just another member of the men in black,
but she tried to commit suicide by taking the same poison as I did.
and his body also shrank.
And finally we have one of the mysterious members
of the men in black organization, in Bourbon, or Tohru Amuro.
He's actually a policeman from Zero, a secret organization
of the Security Department of the National Police Agency...

who controls the secret police throughout the country.
To conceal his identity, he works as a waiter at the Poirot café
while posing as detective Mouri's apprentice.
He is a man shrouded in mystery.
(Conan voice) He looks like a child, but he has the brains of an adult,
and he's a detective who leaves no case unsolved!
There is only one truth!
The Hakuchi space probe has just collected samples on Mars
and, if all goes as planned, it will arrive on Earth on May 1.
During the return trip,
the main part of the probe will burn up when it passes through the atmosphere
and the only one that will reach Earth will be a capsule 4 meters in diameter.
A parachute will then be opened
will be opened and the capsule will land in the Pacific Ocean, in Japanese waters.
(Man TV) How interesting.
The capsule containing the samples will be aided by a GPS guidance system
of a very precise GPS guidance system that is built into the capsule
which will make it possible to determine the drop point
within a radius of two hundred meters.
Oops!
Oops!
Oops!
- (Mitsuhiko) Wait a minute!
- (Genta) Let me-let me try me!
- (Mitsuhiko) Don't pull!
- (Ayumi) Hey, you'll break it!
I'll have to see if I can split the controller into three:
the steering one, the speed one, and the camera one.
(Thinking) "You know what you're doing?"
We interrupt the programming for some breaking news.
We are told that the Convention Center, where the summit is to be held,
has just had a huge explosion.
Surveillance cameras have recorded it.
Huh?
How's that?
As the area where the explosion occurred,
the Edge of Ocean complex, is not yet open...
Doctor!
But we are informed that some of the agents
in charge of security at the summit
have been seriously injured.
I repeat: there has just been a major explosion...
Maybe it was terrorists!
Yes, but... the summit is next week.
I think it must be an accident.
... is investigating the facts and did not want to specify more,
neither the number of wounded or dead
nor if they consider it an accident or an attack.
If policemen were killed, it would be worrying.
(Mitsuhiko) Doctor!
The screen has gone off!
Oh, I'll be right back!
(Mitsuhiko) It's true, seen like this, you're right: something like this before the summit...
will only make them step up surveillance.
What have you got?
After the explosion, a surveillance camera...
Did you see anything strange?
It was a moment, and maybe it just seemed that way, but...
Mm?
That guy, the one who works at the Poirot...
He told me his name was Tohru Amuro, right?
Have you seen the Amuro?!
The scientific brigade didn't find any explosive residue, there.
On the first floor of the Convention Center
there is a Japanese restaurant,
and in the basement, there is a kitchen, where the explosion originated.
There, we have detected a gas leak.
(woman) For this reason, we consider it to be a gas explosion.
- (man) It must be an accident, right?
-Wait.
It's a newly constructed building, it's unlikely to be leaking.
That's right.
In fact, the gas installation is state of the art,
and allows the supply to be shut off telematically.
So how could there have been a gas leak?
It is possible that the system was faulty from the start.
(White-haired man) You mean it had not been checked?
How can this be?
No.
They were scheduled to do it today.
The Edge of Ocean network installation was supposed to be ready today.
That's why the review was to be done
after the Metropolitan Police Public Safety inspection.
In this case, what I see as most likely...
is that it was an accident.
If it was the work of a terrorist,
it would make much more sense that it would have been done on May 1st,
which is when the top leaders of each country will meet.
As for the venue of the summit,
following this incident, it has been decided to change the venue.
(Public: overlapping comments)
-I have new data.
-Let's see, name and department.
My name is Yuya Kazami from Public Security.
-Do we know what the trigger was?
- (white-haired man) Not yet.

Criminal Investigation is analyzing the installation.
As for the detonator, it could be a high-voltage cable.
What are you saying now?
Are you suggesting negligence?
No.
But we found something else on the door of the electrical box:
some burn marks.
(White-haired man) There were footprints from before the explosion?
(Kazami) Yes, the only people who had access to the scene...
are the people in charge of the construction site and my department,
for the inspection this morning.
Therefore, we have compared them with the prints of the workers...
and with those of the police officers, which we have in the database,
and we have found a match with those of a former inspector,
Kogoro Mouri, who had worked in Division 1.
-What?
-It can't be!
Kogoro Mouri?!
It can't be...!
It can't be!
The Convention Center of the artificial island ?!
But how do you want me to have gone there, me?!
Yeah, the problem is that they found your footprints.
This is ridiculous!
Now, Father, are you sure you haven't been drinking again...
and you've entered without asking permission?
How many times do I have to say it?!
I swear I haven't set foot in here!
It must be a mistake.
-We search, you won't find anything. -We search, you won't find anything.
- (woman) Come on, calm down.
(Mouri) I can't believe I have to look like this!
(woman) Yes, of course.
(woman) Excuse me.
Conan, what's wrong with you?
It's just that that inspector has wounds on his face.
Are you sure he's all right?
Ah, inspector Kazami.
It looks like he was there himself when the explosion happened.
Mm...
(Cell phone vibrates)
Excuse me, I'm going to the washroom.
(Shinichi voice) Hey.
What's the matter?
Yes.
What's the matter?
That the police suspect your father?
Hm.
Well, it's most likely a mistake, but...
Understood.
I'll look into it too.
It's so tiring to have two cell phones.
Oh, man.
Where's my...?
Ah, you're Shinichi!
Dr. Agasa?
"I'd like to ask you a favor."
You want nothing?
Ah...
And how long do these people plan to stay here?!
-Well... -Takagi, do something!
-Tell them to wake up!
-Yes...
(Think) "My cell phone...?"
(Genta) Oh, this is great!
Genta!
Can't you see that you can't go so fast?
-Sorry, sorry.
-Of course, man, we are recording.
But it's amazing!
I didn't think we could make him go so far!
He can go up to 30 kilometers from here.
Ah, well, a moment ago we reached 20 kilometers, us.
I took a present to my aunt, who lives in Saitama.
(Genta) And she looked delighted, didn't she?
Wow, they don't waste any time...
Although this screen is so small that it's a little hard to see.
It's just that I didn't plan to make three separate remotes.
Go on, doctor, add a screen to my remote, too.
-Mm, I don't know...
-Yes, I want one too.
I've got it!
I'll tell you a riddle!
Pay attention.
Because if you get it right, I'll put a monitor on each of the remotes.
-Attention, question!
- (all three) What...?
Which row of letters in the Japanese syllabary
is the one with the largest dimension of the following?
1: the a row;
2: the ka row;
3: the ese row;
4: the tea row.
Wait, but what do you mean by "vast"?
I mean which one represents the largest there is.
A syllable that represents something big...?
The row of the a is, y, u, e, o.
The ka row is ka, ki, ku, ke, ko.
Think about it with this in mind.
Sa, shi, su, se, sound....
Ta, chi, tsu, té, to... I have no idea!
Oh, watch out, Ayumi!
Don't move the camera like that!
Oh, yes, sorry!
- (all three) Swan?
-I'll give you a hint, then: swan.
Come on, don't spoil it.
I relate the swans to the swan lake.
And the sea is like a huge lake!
The row of the eme!
But it's not there...
Second clue: the swan returns.
That is... a swan comes back home, right?
Ah!
You see?!
A big lake, the sea!
A swan coming home...
Aaah!
I got it, I got it!
The Hakuchi probe, which means "swan", is coming back from space!

-The first one, the row of a!
-And what is the answer?
The letter in the middle of the row is the u.
And u is the letter for "universe".
There is nothing more vast than the universe!
-Yes, congratulations!
-Yes, congratulations.
Gee, you always do the same thing.
Don't you think you women give them too many clues?
Seriously, Doctor, can't you see that playing guessing games...
while controlling a drone is dangerous?
Besides, that video they're shooting now is very important,
much more than their games.
(Doctor) You're right, I'm sorry.
(Takagi) Those of us from Criminal Investigation, Security and Public Safety...
we were in charge of inspecting the area before the summit...
and at the time of the explosion it was the Public Security's turn.
(Conan voice) This explains Inspector Kazami's injuries.
He only has minor injuries because he was outside the building,
but the officers who were inside...
The news said there were deaths.
Yes.
And I know these things shouldn't be said,
but the fact that there were no civilian victims, but only police officers,
maybe it's fortunate in spite of the misfortune.
Of course, if it had exploded during the summit,
it would have had repercussions on a global scale.
Look, it was a hard blow,
for the Police and above all for Public Security.
We could not prevent an accident before the summit.
Eh..., no, nothing.
An accident?
At first everything pointed to it being an accident.
You know?
Yes...
But they found Kogoro's footprints at the site, right?
Yes.
Inspector Kazami saw them and deduced that it had been provoked.
(Mobile: vibrates)
Inspector Kazami...
Thank you, Inspector Takagi.
Goodbye, Inspector Takagi!
Be careful on your way home!
(Shinichi voice) Ran, what's wrong?
"Help us, Shinichi!"
My father... they want to take him away!
Oysters!
(Mouri) I told you I've never seen it before, that!
Well, we found it inside his computer, which we confiscated.
The program of the summit
and also a plan of the Convention Center that has exploded.
That's a lie!
My father wouldn't even know how to save these files on his computer!
He is a computer disaster!
That's right!
Exactly, I don't know how to do it.
In any case, you'll have to explain this to us at the police station.
And hell no!
I'm not going to accompany the secret just like that!
Then I'll arrest him for resisting arrest.
What?!
But I just pushed his hand away!
Oh!
It can't be!
What are you doing?
April 28th at 16:56 hours.
Hey, hey, hey!
Let me be!
Resisting like this only makes it more suspicious.
Just a moment!
Let me be!
Hey, hey, hey!
If they say he did it at Kogoro,
why would he want to blow up the summit headquarters?
That's right!
Why, huh?!
We'll find out during the interrogation.
No, father!
(Ep, one second!
(Mouri) Hey!
Calm down, Ran!
Call Kudo right away!
(Let me go!
I've already done it!
It can't be...
And he didn't come.
This is an emergency!
How can he not come even now?!
Stop it!
Let me go!
(BELL RINGS)
It's Public Safety, isn't it?
I don't know, why are you asking me?
I see you've hurt yourself, like Inspector Kazami, you too.
This must mean that you were there too, at the place of the explosion.
I have no idea what you are talking about.
I was making preparations for the summit, right?
And I'm sure I'm going to detect a possible terrorist attack then.
But, of course, if you didn't do anything,
it would have looked like a simple accident.
You had to invent a suspect!
Is that it?
For policemen like him or yourself,
it wouldn't be very complicated to tamper with his computer
or leave fingerprints at the scene!
Look, the police... they don't listen to assertions without evidence.
Why would you do such a thing?!
Because I... I have something that I have to protect,
even if it costs me my life.
(Think) "This time the Amuro may be an enemy!"
Why not?
Why don't you want to be the father's lawyer?
You're not going to tell me that you really believe that Mr. Mouri caused the explosion!
But then why...?

He would never do something like that.
So that we lawyers cannot defend our relatives.
Think that if we are not entirely objective,
it's likely that the judge will take a dim view of us.
In other words, if I were to accept your defense now, it would automatically put you at a disadvantage,
it would automatically put you at a disadvantage.
Do not suffer.
Sure...
I'll throw a good lawyer at him in a jiffy.
That's a pity.
It turned out I was right, Furuya,
but we should have realized it sooner.
Then our comrades wouldn't have had to die.
I know they wouldn't.
But we didn't know it would be blown up before the summit...
(Kazami) "We are now investigating domestic extremist groups.
(Kazami) "And the international terrorists
on the Public Security lists."
(Kazami) "How are you doing?"
(Amuro) I am investigating whether there was any access to the gas valve.
I suspect a bit of a peculiar system has been used.
"In what way?"
When I advance in the investigation, I will inform Public Safety.
-And you as with the other issue?
- "All right."
Ah, yes.
I'm preparing it to introduce the 2-2-9-1.
"Furuya?"
Very well.
-But then...?
-I knew it.
(murmurs)
So there are... different accesses to the gas valve...
coming from Kogoro Mouri's computer.
-That's confirmed?
-Yes.
That's what the Computer Crimes Unit has told us.
We've got it, then: Kogoro Mouri entered the room,
opened the door and tamper with the high-voltage cables.
Not so fast!
If he had done it, it would come out to the videos of the surveillance cameras!
Mm?
No.
The network wasn't operational until just yesterday.
-What did he say to the interrogation?
-Oh, no...
In Kogoro Mouri is still denying everything,
but we can still send the case to the Prosecutor's office.
You intend to accuse him without any motive?
The important thing is that there is enough evidence.
That's the duty of any police officer.
Not yet!
Something doesn't add up!
It's all very strange!
Do you think the investigators act with this criterion?
On the basis of conjectures like the ones you just made?
Well... I don't believe it!
I don't believe it!
How can it be that you don't want to defend him to anyone?
Exactly.
Because it's too complicated?
And also because the suspect you should defend
is the famous Sleeping Kogoro,
and they all end up hiding their heads under their wings.
- (knock on door) -Come in.
Excuse me.
Inspector Shiratori.
I wanted to tell you personally before it gets on the news.
-I'm taking your case to the Prosecutor's Office.
-What happened?
But what evidence do they have to charge him?
The fingerprints at the explosion site,
the floor plan of the center and the program of the summit,
which he had on his computer, and also an access log to the detonator.
Why...?
Yes, they have more than enough.
Father didn't...
Mother...
(Thinking) "Calm down, Ran. I swear I'll get your father out of there."
(Shinichi voice) Doctor!
What have you found?!
Shinichi, you've come.
Look at this.
It's true.
It does look like a bomb, Doctor.
We recorded the fragments that were blown up, as you asked us to,
and we've reconstructed the pieces of the images
as if they were a jigsaw puzzle.
Now the Ai is comparing the reconstruction
with all kinds of images from the internet
to determine what kind of bomb it was.
That's it.
He's found it.
And what is it?
A match.
I open the specs.
What's that?
"Smart pressure cooker"?
"State-of-the-art item in the shape of a pressure cooker."
"Just program the pressure, temperature and time with your cell phone,
to cook a variety of dishes."
Is it for cooking?
You get the picture.
Apart from the pressure cooker, there were also frying pans scattered around,
pots and pieces of crockery,
which makes it possible to deduce
that the explosion took place in the restaurant's kitchen.
That's all ?
Calm down!
I'm looking for the bomb!
Can't you see that Ai is doing everything he can to do you a favor?
You asked us to look for the object that exploded.
And now you're like this?
That's not like you.
What's happened?
Is there something new?
I'm sorry, I'm sorry.

They will bring Kogoro... to the Prosecutor's Office.
What?!
(Think) "Who will it be?"
What?
Can you tell me again?
Sure, my name is Kyoko Tachibana...
and I'd like to take the case of Sleeping Kogoro.
These are all the cases I've handled so far.
The extremists at Nijo University,
the spying on the Ministry of Economy...
There are many public security cases.
So it's perfect for this case.
What then?
How many lawsuits have you won and how many have you lost?
Eh?
Wow, you're too young to be asking these questions.
Huh?
Well, I've lost them all.
What's that?
Ah, it's just that Public Safety's a tough nut to crack.
Yeah, the chance of winning a case where the D.A.'s office is prosecuting...
is less than 10 percent.
(Mother Ran) And if they are from Public Security, it is even worse.
In short, it is impossible to win.
But since I am an independent lawyer....
Self-employed?
It means that you are a lawyer who does not work in a law firm,
but does it independently.
I take any case, even complicated ones.
And that's why you want my father's case?
You need a lawyer, don't you?
They told me at the bar association.
Leave it to me.
Wait a moment, please!
It's an option...
She can't do it, mother.
Can't you see she's already given it up for lost?
You're right about that.
But, look, at first glance, she doesn't seem very competent,
the Prosecutor's Office will perhaps lower its guard.
That's not the only way to win!
Maybe we would still be better off with a public prosecutor.
What?
But then I won't be able to get involved.
With her, on the other hand, I'll be able to say mine.
But still... I just don't see it clearly.
It's in Goro.
What's the name of this cute cat?
The police...
told me he's still denying everything.
Evidently, because I haven't done anything, me.
And, on the other hand, there's a lot of evidence incriminating you...
as the author of the explosion.
But I don't know where that comes from, sir!
The only thing I can think of is that someone set me up!
(Shiratori) The case of the explosion...
has been assigned to Kusakabe,
district prosecutor of the Public Security Department.
(Shiratori) -Well, we're all set!
-Even I know his reputation.
And look, I haven't handled many public safety cases.
Gee, how terrible is he, this prosecutor?
Like Mrs. Kisaki, he doesn't know defeat either.
It's just the opposite of me.
I know this case here.
The unauthorized access to NAZU.
Eh?
NAZU?
That famous American space exploration agency?
Ah, yes!
That worker of a video game company
who broke in for fun.
This case was also handled by prosecutor Kusakabe.
Of course he didn't.
He lost.
And he won it, the trial?
(thinks) "What a mess..."
Do you find it normal?
As for today's interrogation,
what intrigues me is that in Kogoro Mouri did not have any motive
to commit this attack.
No motive, eh?
Well, with all the evidence they've managed to gather,
I'd prosecute him tomorrow.
But... think about it;
for example, it's been proven...
that he accessed the building's gas valve for this search...
But we can't rule out that it was a third party
who remotely connected to your computer.
On the other hand, it could also be...
that the blueprint and the program were transferred to your computer
as false evidence to frame him.
Kusakabe.
This is all just your hypothesis,
because you've decided to overlook this detail.
Prosecutor Iwai, I will ask the police to continue investigating...
Prosecute Kogoro Mouri, I say.
Do as Public Security says.
Do you understand me?
What do you mean?
At the Prosecutor's Department or the National Police Agency?
We have finished.
You can leave now.
You have asked for further investigation?
Yes.
Prosecutor Kusakabe.
Then, depending on how it goes, they may drop the prosecution of the father.
No, the investigation is done at the prosecutor's request.
But the secret police have already decided to prosecute him.
Wait a minute, how can the secret police decide that?
The prosecutor's office is supposed to be the one who gives orders to the police.

The prosecution is an exclusive competence of the Public Prosecutor's Office...
Yes, he is not wrong in what he says,
but only in civil and criminal cases.
And even for special investigations.
I'm sure you already know that, with regard to Public Security,
it works a little differently.
Oh, right...
Although we are talking about Public Security,
both the Metropolitan Police and the National Police
and the Public Prosecutor's Office have a public security department.
What the National Police does is to investigate the cases
and send them to the Prosecutor's Office, but the Prosecutor's Office re-investigates them.
The most normal thing is that it is the prosecutors
the prosecutors who decide whether or not to prosecute the suspects,
taking into account their own investigation.
The Public Security Department of the Prosecutor's Office, however, is different.
Plainly speaking, its department cannot compete with that of the police,
the secret police.
The quantitative and qualitative difference of its investigators is abysmal.
is abysmal.
That is why, when it comes to prosecution, the aggravation is sometimes taken into account,
sometimes the aggravating factor of public safety is taken into account.
(Think) "The aggravating factor of public safety"....
Especially in an explosion like this one,
when the reputation of the secret police has been called into question.
It is easy to imagine
that they must be under a lot of pressure to prosecute someone.
You mean... that my father...?
Yes.
I'm sure they'll indict him.
It's unfair...
(Thinking) "This lawyer looks like she's looking forward to it."
(Conan's voice) I imagine they're investigating the possibility
that someone broke into Kogoro's computer, right?
Well, let's see, it's true that Prosecutor Kusakabe has asked us...
to investigate further, but...
Tell me as much as you can, please.
It's just that Shinichi told me that he needs more information,
whatever it is, because he wants to help in Kogoro.
Master Mouri?
What did you say happened to him?
Hello, Amuro!
No.
What's the matter?
You were listening to us?
I'm just worried about the master,
that's why I came to bring him food from Poirot.
Ah, he is no longer in Mouri, here.
When a suspect is prosecuted, as a rule they close him in prison.
It can't be that you don't know that.
Oh, is that so?
First news.
You're always so brainy, eh?
Ah, wait!
In prison you can't get them in, that sort of thing.
Thanks for the warning.
(thinks) "What in ten to wear on your head?"
2-2-9-1.
Introduced.
(Think) "What happened? What did he say, to the Amuro? Shit!"
(Conan voice) Hey, Inspector!
Why don't you give us back the computer you took from Mr. Mouri?!
Well, I have a video game there that I really like!
This is an important test.
I can't do it yet.
Stop it!
Stop it!
Come on!
Torni'ns-el!
It's no good, that video game was programmed by the doctor.
Conan!
I've called you a bunch of times.
You did?
Damn, my battery's dead.
Can you use that to charge it?
Yes, thanks!
(He thinks) "But it usually lasts much longer."
Oh, and why did you call me?
Because the case files will arrive soon.
La Ran wanted you to see them too, Conan.
It's just that Conan often focuses on important details.
And besides, if we find out anything, maybe he'll do me a favor...
and tell Shinichi about it.
Yes!
I promise Shinichi will know all the details.
Thank you, Conan.
I'm here!
Here's the evidence requested by the Prosecutor's Office.
Eh?
Does this mean...?
"It's definite that he will be prosecuted, then?"
(Mother Ran) "Yes, at any moment. We were notified by the Prosecutor's Office itself."
Oh, Father...
Don't suffer.
I promise we will help him.
(Mother Ran) -Yes.
-Let's go there.
The written statements, the crime scene survey,
and here we have... the photographs taken by the police.
What a pile!
(He thinks) "I must find some clue."
"Go on, anything!"
"Eh?"
Eh?
Have you seen anything?
No... It's just that it rings a bell.
The truth is that seeing this, you can understand his modus operandi very well.
The police investigation reports
look like a detailed manual for committing crimes.
(Think) "A manual...?"
(Mobile: ringtone)
Kyoko Tachibana, say.

From the court?
Yes.
Ah, pre-trial formalities.
Prosecutor Iwai, why did you call the lawyer...
and told her about the indictment without telling me?
How many times do I have to tell you again?
It was the decision of the secret police.
But now the secret police, besides telling us if we have to accuse her, can also tell us when we have to do it,
can also tell us when we have to do it?
The fact is that the court has called.
They want us to meet tomorrow morning with the Prosecutor's Office and the lawyer
to do all the pre-trial formalities.
And can you explain to me how it is that they have called you?
I am the prosecutor handling the case.
When you have done the formalities, let me know, okay?
Well, it's not that big ice cream.
I don't see it, no.
I'll go and ask the manager,
you go get the flour and eggs, please.
I'm sure you'll make a fantastic wife.
XXT!
Please watch what you say.
What?
You are very popular with the students who go to the Poirot,
and the other day I was already inundated with criticism telling me to attack you!
Don't you know that nowadays you can't tell who might be holding your ear?
It's true.
Furuya.
Why are you so obsessed that it is treated as an attack?
If they leave it in an accident, we'll lose legal coverage.
We won't need it.
Public Security has already done illegal investigations.
That's why we have to secure a legal method, too.
Or we will end up suffering the consequences.
The actions that we start outside the law, we ourselves finish them.
We finish them ourselves, that's how we work.
But we are also the ones who have to decide
"Whether we advertise it as a legal case or whether we cover it up illegally."
(Furuya / Amuro) Naturally.
Now then, the decision, we will make it....
taking into account which option will better protect the country.
(Girl) Ah, Amuro!
The manager has told me that...
First of all, the prosecutor will begin.
Please clarify how you intend to state the facts and present the evidence.
Yes.
Well, then, let's start with the list of evidence.
Ran... Just stay calm.
It's just that...
But today's not the trial yet, right?
That's right.
It's just pretrial proceedings.
They specify the facts and evidence to be discussed and set a date.
I already told you that.
(Steps: approaching)
Yes, but...
Miss Kyoko!
Prosecutor Iwai?
Soc in Kusakabe.
We've just finished the pre-trial proceedings.
What evidence did the prosecutor present?
The same ones that were given to me before.
This is the list.
-It has already been decided.
-And the day of the trial?
As we had planned, too.
Excuse me, do you want to look at it yourself?
I'm going to the washroom for a moment.
Hey... Miss Kyoko, the washroom is that way!
Miss Kyoko!
- (interference) - "How do we have the situation?"
It's the device I put on Inspector Kazami.
"Okay. Keep it up."
It means it's close.
It's next door!
It can't be!
What's he doing in court?
Where is he?
(Mobile: ringtone)
It's Miss Kyoko's cell phone!
Ah, Tachibana?
I'd like to confirm a couple of things.
(Tachibana) "Okay, I'll be right back!"
(Thinking) "How come I sense Miss Kyoko's voice
From Inspector Kazami's device?"
"May be she was close to him by pure chance?"
"No, because, just as I heard her voice,
the two of them have been close for quite a while."
"It's not a coincidence."
(Kazami) Thanks to the investigation conducted,
Public Security has discovered
that the illegal access to the explosion site was made by Nor.
"Nor, you say?
It's a browser program that encrypts the IP of your computer
and makes it untraceable
passing through other computers.
You mean there's no way to decrypt this IP?
In principle, no, sir.
However, if there were any configuration or programming errors....
the browser,
we could get to know the identity of the user.
In other words, we would certainly be able to trace it,

"Exploiting some weakness in your browser."
"Right now, the Public Safety Department...."
is looking for a way to get to the server
and discover Nor's user.
- (cell: vibrates) -Excuse me.
I'm being called to a meeting.
-Dispensin Give me a moment.
-Okay.
(Amuro) You like to spy on police meetings?
Wha...?
What are you doing here?
When you're touched by Kogoro Mouri, you do the impossible for him.
Or maybe... you're doing it for the Ran.
(Leaves move)
It's all right.
You can come out.
Why did you make me come here?
Eh, Furuya?
You're in Public Security and you didn't notice?
I'm... I'm sorry.
But who... can I...?
Wait, wait, wait!
The spy device... is it you who put it on me?
No..., but what am I saying?
You're just a kid.
The Amuro belongs to a National Police organization
that controls the secret police: Zero.
And even within the secret police,
there are very few inspectors who can contact him.
And you are one, I see.
But may I know who you are?
In Conan Edogawa, a detective.
This Amuro you speak of...
is a murderer.
Last year he induced suicide
the person he was interrogating in prison.
To commit suicide?
I'm sorry, I shouldn't have explained it to a child.
I shouldn't have explained it to you, to a child.
But for some reason I felt compelled to talk about it.
You're a very strange child.
Well, depending on the results you give us...
Public Security access with Nor, in Kogoro...
(Door, open)
(Door, open) Excuse me!
We have a serious problem in the city.
-What?
-What's he saying?
That I'm burning!
What the...?!
Mother, look what's going on!
-But what?
-Ah!
-What happened?!
-Hurry up!
But how many times will they make me repeat...?!
(Man) "On a day when Tokyo is in a state of alert
"for the summit being held today,
"a series of unexplained events are taking place
"about which the Metropolitan Police
has yet to release any information."
"The Japanese government is receiving a lot of criticism and expressions of concern,
not only from citizens, but also from countries participating in the summit."
"Electronic devices such as computers and kettles are exploding,
and chaos is spreading."
But what is this ?!
"I repeat: on a day like today when Tokyo is in a state of alert..."
(Shinichi voice) What should be the terrorist's target?
Household appliances?
(Ai) "Just program the pressure, temperature and time....
with the cell phone to cook a variety of dishes."
Oh!
Of course!
The first terrorist attack was the explosion at the summit headquarters!
What is the situation?
The communications center has turned into chaos.
(Home 1) Give us instructions!
Get the police to do something!
- (Man 2) Is it a coordinated attack?
- (man 3) Hurry up.
Come on, let's go.
Conan, I'm sorry but I don't have time to talk to you now.
"Inspector Megre, I'm sure these are cyber-attacks...
through the internet of things!"
"Cyberattacks?"
The perpetrator is causing all the smart home appliances
that have access to the internet to go out of control.
This means that the problem will be solved
if they are disconnected from the network.
Cyber attacks, were they?
Coi de nano...
The pressure cooker found at the site of the explosion
is also a smart appliance.
The culprit accessed the valve remotely,
manipulated it and, after filling the place with gas,
turned the smart pot into a detonator
to blow up the summit venue.
But... But then...
Yes.
All this in Kogoro... I wouldn't know how to do it.
Eh?
Is this true?
(Conan voice) And this is what Shinichi told me!
You know, Inspector.
Ouch...
Conan... Shinichi does everything he can, right?
To save the father.
(Thinking) "You're a donkey..."
"Can't you see I'm not doing it just for him?"
I get it.
If this is true, we still have a chance to win the trial.
Yes, because now in Kogoro is held by the Prosecutor...

and does not have access to the internet.
no;
if he had scheduled the date,
he could also have triggered all these cyberattacks
even while in detention.
If they could locate the source of access by tracing the servers,
Mr. Mouri would have no way out.
No way!
Man, but isn't it very complicated to trace servers?
I don't know if they would finish before the trial.
The secret police is already investigating it, I don't see it so difficult.
Wait a minute!
And how do you know that the secret police is investigating it?
What?
I'm sorry, I'm sorry!
Listen to me, pretty boy, such an investigation is possible...
because there are so many of them.
The secret police have a pile of collaborators.
(Mother Ran) Collaborators..., you mean civilians...
who help in the investigation of crimes against public security?
(Kyoko) That's right;
specifically, among the collaborators...
there are many server administrators,
to whom the legislation on interception of communications applies.
With collaborators of this kind,
they could get evidence of Mr. Mouri's illegal access.
Ah, but this is only if the evidence exists, of course.
-Are you sure?
-Oh, no need to strain yourself.
Yes, let it be, I'll call a technician.
(Thinking) "I knew it.... It all gives me a very bad feeling."
"She's hiding something from us."
(Woman) Regarding this series of incidents spreading chaos,
the Metropolitan Police have stated
that these could be internet cyber-attacks.
Hard to believe, eh?
Cyber-attacks.
Only you could detect a method like this.
It wasn't me who discovered it,
but it is now clear that it must be investigated.
Therefore, I want to put an end
the lawlessness that we started.
Relieve your collaborator.
(Kazami) First, however, I would like you to explain to me...
all the information Zero has gathered so far.
(Kazami) Okay.
(Inaudible)
NAZU?
This, I will let the Computer Crime Unit know...
and at the meeting, it will be communicated to Criminal Investigation.
You will let them take all the credit?
It is Public Security who should communicate.
It is the reward.
Because it was Criminal Investigation
that has turned the explosion into an attack.
Besides, the fact that this information comes from Zero...
it's already implied that there's someone controlling everything.
You're scary, Furuya.
Kazami, there are two people who are even scarier than me.
And one of them is still just a kid.
You know what?
I think I know which child you must be referring to.
(Inspector) We've just been informed
that they've found a record of unauthorized access
through Mr. Mouri's computer.
Indeed, it was a zombie computer.
What about the log?
Oh...
The access took place from a public wifi through a cell phone
and we haven't been able to locate it.
But at the time...
Mr. Mouri was being held by the Prosecutor's Office
and it was impossible for him to be at that access point.
In addition, in these latest cyber-attacks,
the unauthorized access has been done through the Nor program,
the same method as in the explosion.
Is it the same person, then?
And what about the investigation to locate the server?
According to the report of the Computer Crime Unit,
it has been proven that this program belongs to NAZU.
- (woman) It's impossible.
- (man) It can't be.
Hello, sorry I'm late.
Midori, I'm sorry, I spoiled your vacation.
Don't worry, I wouldn't be able to have a good time either...
knowing that you are in such a delicate situation.
Thank you, Midori.
Let's see... This is the report about the lawyer Kyoko Tachibana.
What?
What?
What is it?
Shinichi Kudo asked me for it.
Wow...
Shinichi?
And why would Shinichi ask for this?
I don't understand why the lawyer would want to investigate it.
What's that?
One thing...
I was just thinking that, since it's Shinichi,
there must be a reason;
we can take a look, can't we?
I found out that last year
a worker of Miss Tachibana's caused an incident.
What?
But she told me she's a self-employed lawyer.
She closed her firm a year ago.

He did so because of the arrest of one of his employees at the time,
one Fumikazu Haba, who broke into a video game company...
and was caught stealing from it.
Eventually, after his case was taken to the prosecutor's office, he committed suicide while in prison,
he committed suicide while in jail.
Oh!
What?
A suicide?
(Thinks) "A suicide..."
(Kusakabe) What does this represent?
Well, we've found out that Kogoro Mouri's computer
was being manipulated by someone.
Therefore, it is highly unlikely that he is the culprit.
Well, that's it!
This is all over.
What about the fingerprints on the detonating object?
Ah...
In fact, charred fingerprints are easy to copy.
This was the conclusion of the secret police?
Withdraw the accusation against Kogoro Mouri.
Now it's their decision too, when to withdraw the indictment?
You're such a pain!
-Yes.
-Huh?
Prosecutor Iwai?
He has minor burns, but just in case he's been taken to the hospital.
So it could be another cyber attack?
We've investigated the cell phone and they've accessed it with Nor,
just like the other times, yes.
- (mobile: vibrates) -Sorry.
Yes?
Soc in Shiratori.
(mobile: vibrates) What?
Just a moment!
They have withdrawn the accusation against Mr. Mouri!
Mother!
Thank you.
I'm so glad, Ran.
I'll have to explain this to Shinichi and Sonoko.
By the way, what should we do with this?
It's the report of the prosecutor's interrogation of Fumikazu Haba.
Wow, she's the one who got burned by the cell phone, Sayoko Iwai.
-Yes.
But not now.
-Last year she was chief prosecutor.
Now she's chief prosecutor and superior to prosecutor Kusakabe, her class.
That's right.
Interestingly, Prosecutor Iwai was promoted...
following the Fumikazu Haba robbery case.
By the way, what is this?
Can you explain why you've been investigating me and my former employee?
and my former employee?
-It's just that... -Oh, I'm sorry.
The truth is that I wanted to get to know you better
and I asked the Midori for a report.
It's done thoroughly.
You're a brilliant worker too.
"You too"?
Put like that, it sounds like you mean Mr. Haba was, too,
but he came in to steal from a company
and was the main cause of the closure of his firm.
He was a nefarious worker, more like.
It wasn't Fumikazu's fault, lo!
It was my... incompetence.
I see you call him by his first name.
And he was just a simple worker in your firm:
"Fumikazu," he said.
-Did you know that he committed suicide in prison?
-Yes.
Yes.
Well, she did it right after a secret police officer went to interrogate her while she was there.
was interrogating her while she was in there.
"Last year she drove the person she was interrogating in prison to suicide."
-This detail I did not know.
-(Kyoko) Why did the secret police...?
(Kyoko) Yes, Fumikazu's suicide...
(Kyoko) Yes, Fumikazu's suicide... was an accumulation of strange coincidences.
Excuse me, isn't it true that Fumikazu Haba...
you were expelled from the School of Legal Practice?
You mean you wanted to become a judge?
Yes, but then, when it came to the closing ceremony of the course,
he...
Whether you aspire to be judges or lawyers,
the people you will meet from now on...
Director!
Director!
I demand... I demand an explanation as to why I have been rejected!
-I want to know...!
-But who are you?
...why have they rejected my... application!
It has been stolen from me!
My vocation!
And for no reason!
You can't steal it from me!
You can't!
It is intolerable!
Unforgivable!
Unforgivable!
(Kyoko) This action was perceived as a loss of control,
an attempt to impose his judgment totally unbecoming of a judge.
not only of a judge, but of a lawyer as well.
That was the end of his career.
And why did you hire him to work for you?
People have heads and tails.
What you see is only one side.
His daughter has already told me about it outside.
If Mr. Mouri's indictment has been dropped,
my work here is done.
Eh?
Well, yes...
Well, then... I'm leaving too, I still have some work to do.
You must look for Nor's user, right?
Yes.
We've asked NAZU to collaborate.

That's right.
The NAZU?
The American agency?
Because NAZU suffered an unauthorized access last year
using Nor as well.
Ah, the case handled by Ms. Kyoko.
Following this incident,
NAZU developed a tracking system for Nor users.
They will analyze the records tomorrow.
I guess they have enough work today
with the Hakuchi landing mission today.
The Hakuchi is the space probe, right?
Yes, it is;
Between this and the summit, we're up to our necks in work,
to the Metropolitan Police.
(Thinks) "That's right, the summit also starts today..."
(Kyoko) "And at the time of the explosion, it was the turn of Public Security."
(Kyoko) "To put it bluntly, your department...
can't compete with that of the police, the secret police."
"That's why, when it comes to prosecution, sometimes aggravation is taken into account,
sometimes the aggravating factor of public security is taken into account."
"The secret police have a pile of collaborators."
"It's Miss Kyoko's mobile!"
(Mobile)
"How is it that I sense Miss Kyoko's voice
from Inspector Kazami's device?"
"This Amuro you speak of is an assassin."
(Midori) "Finally, after they took his case to the Prosecutor's Office,
he committed suicide while in jail."
"I this case here I know."
"The one about the unauthorized access to NAZU."
"Eh? Cyber attacks?"
"The perpetrator is causing all the smart appliances
that have access to the internet to go out of control!"
(Kyoko) "The police investigation reports
look like a detailed manual for committing crimes."
(Ai) "He's found it. A coincidence."
"Eh? No, it just rings a bell."
It's not possible...
Midori!
The documentation on illegal access to NAZU!
Eh?
Send it to my cell phone right away!
That's what Shinichi told me!
Hey, Conan, we'll be right there to pick up my father...
at the police station, you hear me?
Gee... And Shinichi, why the hell isn't he answering me?
I can see you knew he was coming, didn't you?
That's when I became suspicious.
Yes, of course I did.
Excuse me.
The doctor looked into it for me
and found me a remote control application.
One of those that doesn't show the icon.
Do you have any proof that it was the secret one?
None, as expected.
And, if you knew about it, why didn't you uninstall the application?
Because now I'm going to see the culprit.
Mm-hm.
And the cell phone, too.
Have you found out who did the bombings?
The cell phone... it's you, Amuro.
It all started with the unauthorized access to NAZU.
Last year's case...?
At Fumikazu Haba?!
Yes.
In Haba committed suicide last year while he was in jail, didn't he?
Yes.
Just a year ago today.
One year ago today?!
Yes, it is!
This is terrible!
Surely the revenge has just begun!
Another cyber attack?!
Amuro!
Let's go!
(Woman) "Finally the Hakuchi space probe
is about to reach Earth from Mars."
"Good evening."
"I am speaking to you from the Nagano National Astronomical Observatory."
Oh, my goodness!
But it's so late!
Come on, I'll take you home.
(All three) What?!
But the Hakuchi is about to reach the Earth!
Let us stay here to see it live, come on.
-No way.
Watch it at home.
- (Genta) That, that!
(Genta) -That's not fair!
Haibara...
-Nooo!
(Mobile: ringtone)
Hello.
What's wrong?
Yes, in fact the children want to see the arrival of the probe live.
What?
How long until it enters the atmosphere?
How far was it?
-In Kudo...?
-Just a moment...
Less than an hour left?!
Time is running out!
Conan, do you think it's been...?
Yes!
And it will access the NAZU to crash it!
Shit.
(Think) "But where will it be ?!"
I didn't expect an attack... from space!
Ah, it's already here!
Mr. Mouri!
Father!
Welcome back!
Lo... Hello...
How nice... What a joy!
I'm sorry I made you suffer, Ran.
And the same goes for you, Eri.
I'm sorry about the whole mess.
-Don't talk nonsense.
-I'm so glad, Ran.
Thank you, Sonoko.
Ah, I got it!
We'll send this touching scene to the deduction freak.

Ah, I'll get right on it.
No, Sonoko, that's not necessary!
So you can talk to him for sure.
Let's see, "Luis"...
(Man) The power's out?
Somebody turn on the emergency lights, please!
Inspector, it looks like they've destroyed the emergency generator!
What?!
What the hell is going on?!
We've been informed by NAZU!
They have detected an unauthorized access to the probe!
What did you say?
At this rate they won't be able to release the capsule.
"In fact, the probe will burn up when it enters the atmosphere,
but they've detected a modification of the point where the capsule will fall.
and NAZU is very nervous.
I am sending you the data on the possible impact site!
139 degrees, 45 minutes and 8.405 seconds east longitude.
The place where NAZU calculates it will fall.
-What?
This is... -Huh?
What a mess.
Conan!
(Thinks) "I knew it, his target is....
the Metropolitan Police!"
(Man) I can't believe it.
How is it possible?
If a capsule of more than 4 meters were to fall here,
the damage would be unimaginable!
Prepare the personnel transport buses for emergencies.
Evacuate the entire population within a one kilometer radius
within a one kilometer radius.
- (all) Yes, sir!
- (woman) And the evacuation map?
- (man) Come on, let's go!
- (woman) Hurry up!
Do not suffer, you have me.
Father...
Eri, you don't separate from me either.
(man) Okay.
Well... (woman) Good move.
(Kazami) When the capsule is released from the probe,
it will fall like a meteorite.
In other words,
the trajectory, we will be able to control it for a very short time,
until it enters the atmosphere.
In the one-kilometer radius around the Police building
there are agencies, ministries, parks and many hotels.
I estimate that approximately 150,000 people should be evacuated.
(Man) Really?
How much time do we have?
I have compiled a list of possible locations and shelters outside this radius
to take all the people.
(Inaudible)
Prime Minister, the NAZU fails to modify the trajectory.
(Home 1) Any news?
(Man 2) The signals being sent to the probe from the control center are encrypted with a specific code.
are encrypted with a specific code.
And if this code does not match it is impossible to rewrite the memory.
This means that the person responsible has changed the code?
Yes, when he has accessed the NAZU and has modified the trajectory of the probe.
So we have to get him to tell us the new code.
That's why I want the inventor of this magnificent device
the inventor of this magnificent device.
What do you have in mind?
Very simple: to bring a dead man back to life.
They're geniuses.
I would never have thought of such a plan.
I hope they can get the code that way.
You know what I've managed to make it fly even faster?
Doctor, the image is moving too much.
It won't work that way.
Oh... It's just that it's the first time I've used it to fly at night.
Ah!
It flies the drone at night!
I want to try it!
-And you didn't warn us?
That's not fair!
-What are you doing up here?
(Ayumi) They don't show the Hakuchi on TV!
Ah, sure... Can you do it, then?
I won't be calm if he directs it.
That's good!
-What do you want!
-Let's let them take care of it.
-Thank you for your confidence.
Then we can continue with the preparations.
-Team...!
-We are the great...!
- (all three) Go ahead!
-Who flies the drone!
Now evacuate approximately 30,000 people at Edge of Ocean,
an artificial island in Tokyo Bay.
-Oh, no idea.
-Where was this?
Excuse me!
You're talking about the place where the summit was to be held, right?
That's right.
We'll take refuge in the Casino Tower.
The Casino Tower?
Ah, that's the one.
Come to think of it, I had to call Shinichi.
(Mobile: ringtone)
NAZU keeps sending the code,
but they still can't access the probe.
Shit!
(Think) "We need to know the code as soon as possible!"
This is the data being viewed
from the NAZU control center, right, terrorist?
I was reluctant to believe it was you, prosecutor.
And who the hell are you?
I should have realized it a long time ago,
when I saw the list of evidence you requested.

Those shards of glass were a part of the real detonator,
and could only be known by the author of the explosion.
Instead, you asked for it as evidence...
when everyone still thought
that it was caused by high-voltage wires.
(Mobile: vibrates)
Look at the timing.
It is the documentation of the trial
for the unauthorized access to NAZU last year.
Of course it is!
You led the prosecution.
The author used Nor to access the NAZU servers.
He used the same method in the case that he used
to carry out the cyber-attacks, right?
But he made a miscalculation.
Because NAZU had already developed a system to track the user.
That's why, when he knew about it,
using Nor with a programming error
he blew up his superior's cell phone
pretending it was a cyber attack.
It was a bait for the police to bite.
That's why the cyberattack was done at such an inopportune time.
Stop!
Don't touch my stuff!
That's the cell phone from where Nor was using.
Coi de...!
You won't escape!
No problem!
Wow, it didn't work!
Shit!
Prosecutor Kusakabe, was the motive for all your attacks...
was really the secret police?
If I blew up the summit headquarters
and got the American probe to crash land in Tokyo,
the prestige of the secret police would be pulverized!
(Amuro) How come he has such a grudge against us?
As long as he has so much power,
the Public Security Prosecutors will not be able to enforce justice!
Are you insinuating that for the sake of justice you don't mind killing people?!
My intention was not to kill any civilians.
That's why you set off the explosion
when there was only the secret police,
I opted for cyber-attacks that were not dangerous to people,
and that's why I decided to crash the capsule there.
Did you cause a blackout in the Metropolitan Police headquarters
because you evacuated civilians?
-I see it now.
-Yes.
All the cyber-attacks you've carried out on the way here
was because no one was getting close.
Still, he could have caused casualties in many ways!
Sometimes there has to be some sacrifice to do justice!
This is not justice!
My...
My collaborator also... was a victim.
Mr. Haba?
He knew.
How... how do you know?
He was your collaborator, wasn't he?
From the unlock code on his cell phone.
It caught my attention because it's unusual.
He didn't want to mute the keys so he wouldn't forget it.
Well, he didn't.
Ha-ba-fu-mi-Kazu.
It was to never forget my desire to take revenge on them!
All the collaborators of the secret, Zero has them registered...
and identifies them with numbers.
But no secret police officer knows which collaborators the colleagues have.
In fact, it wasn't until last year that I learned...
that a Public Security prosecutor also had one.
And it is for this reason that you will be able to get rid of them so easily?
There was an ulterior motive, wasn't there?
What Mr. Haba did was not a simple robbery.
He did it because I asked him to.
It was part of the investigation into the illegal access to NAZU.
At Haba he knew that the access data
were in the video game company that the suspect frequented and tried to steal them.
and tried to steal them.
The collaborators and Public Security
must conduct dangerous investigations outside the law.
Precisely because of this, the relationships between them become closer?
than with our own family.
It is not just a collaboration for money.
It is a bond at all levels, born out of our sense of duty.
Why didn't you tell them that you are collaborating with me
when they questioned you?
It was my mistake, I couldn't allow myself...
this to affect your position as a prosecutor.
Now you should worry about you and not me!
I know better than anyone the pain it causes
to be taken away from your vocation.
Think about your future, please!
I beg you!
My future is not important.
The lives of my compatriots are much more important.
That's what you always tell me.
And I think exactly the same as you.
I decided to tell the truth about robbery
to the prosecutor who was handling the case.
En Haba is my collaborator.
It was me who asked him to break in.
-How?
No way!
-Even so, he accused me.
-Don't suffer.
-Did he ask you again to the secret?

I will play a great role during the trial,
I'll be in trouble because I won't say your name.
That's not what I'm asking you!
A few days later, when I was on my way to the Metropolitan Police headquarters
to negotiate with the secret...
(Mobile: vibrates)
- "En Haba has committed suicide."
-Yes?
What?
"The reason I don't know, but he did it right after...
someone from the secret service came to interrogate him in an unorthodox way."
Aaah!
Who pushed Haba to suicide?
No, who killed him was the secret police!
And that's why he planned to drop the capsule on his building?
That's right.
Since I knew it was coming right around the anniversary of his death.
And the cyber-attacks?
They were not part of my plans,
but as a prosecutor I couldn't allow an innocent person to be accused.
You provoked the cyber-attacks to demonstrate
that in Kogoro Mouri was not guilty?
Yes.
But I saw that the damage was greater than I expected.
You have committed enough crimes, don't you think?
And now tell us the code you used to block the probe.
Public Security prosecutors defend justice!
I don't want you to lose a sense of justice like Haba's!
-You can stop me if you want to!
-Tell us the code!
But I won't say anything to the interrogation.
Prosecutor Kusakabe!
Mr. Kusakabe...
It can't be!
What's Haba doing there?
It's at the Metropolitan Police heliport.
What does this represent?
His alleged suicide in prison
was nothing more than an invention of the secret police
so that he could start over.
They did it to hide the fact that the Public Security prosecutors were using collaborators
were using collaborators
and also... to make sure that they would not use them again.
All of this was also hidden from you.
When someone acts outside the law, he must know how to say enough is enough.
You do not have this ability!
That's how the secret police saw it.
Mr. Haba had such a deep sense of justice that he knew he was destined to be a judge.
that he knew he was destined to be a judge.
Precisely for that reason, when he was expelled from the training school,
you took him in and made him your collaborator.
Exactly.
You pulled me out of the pit where my life had sunk.
We only collaborated for two years, but you told me that, thanks to me,
I could do justice as a Public Security prosecutor.
And it is thanks to you that I can now continue to fight like this.
Mr. Kusakabe, please tell us what the new code is!
If we let him go down there, he won't get out alive in Haba either!
This is foul play!
That's how you do things to the secret ?!
The Hakuchi is about to enter the atmosphere!
We still don't have it, the code?!
(Man) Very soon it will be impossible for us to access the probe!
Furuya, time is running out.
Tell us the code right now!
Prosecutor Kusakabe, react!
But like this...
Mr. Kusakabe, was this the sense of justice you instilled in me?
The new code of access to the probe, what I changed myself is...
(Inaudible)
- (Amuro) What what?
It's been turned off?!
(Inaudible) -Yes.
They've only had five minutes, right after entering the atmosphere.
(Amuro) During this lapse of time,
a plasma is produced that prevents communications
and, therefore, now they don't know if they have been able to modify the trajectory.
In addition, they cannot be sure that the parachute will open.
In Haba...
It can't be...!
Let me go!
I have to get Haba out of there right away!
Prosecutor Kusakabe!
No, not yet.
What?
Has Shinichi called you yet?
But I've left a message.
Coi!
But can you tell me where he's been?!
And Conan the same.
It seems that his cell phone is turned off.
I wouldn't worry about nano that one, woman.
I'm sure he's fine.
My God, the tower is very high.
(Mouri) Come on, let's make a track.
It fits here.
Haba!
Where are you?!
What's the meaning of this?
-But...
-He's not here.
But... on the cell phone he was seen here.
What you saw was not real, but a montage.
Like ?!
They have used the images of the heliport recorded with a drone
and edited them to make it look like he was right here,
but he is now in a safe place.

Now I understand...
Amuro, if they have not been able to modify the route, it will fall here, right?
That's right.
A 4-meter capsule will fall here
at a speed of 10 kilometers per second.
You think you could get explosives right now?
Would you destroy it?
But it's heat resistant.
No, what I want is to divert it to the Pacific Ocean with the explosion.
Do you have another solution?
You come up with something crazy...
Kazami, I have an urgent mission.
Yes, one outside the law, our specialty.
Of all the explosives the unit has seized,
this is the one with the most power.
And it can't be traced?
(Man) We had to destroy it shortly,
so we just need to change the date of registration.
(Kazami) Perfect.
(Kazami) Go ahead.
No, no problem, we'll send to this address...
"The data of the planned route of the capsule."
Are you guys ready?
In session!
-All right! -All right!
-All right!
(Ouch) You're telling me to calculate where I could set off the explosion...
Geez, what a way to treat me...
"Mitsuhiko, Ayumi... Genta..."
"And you too, Ay..."
"You guys will protect this country."
(Mitsuhiko) "Wow, the machine is really unbalanced."
(Ayumi) "It must be because the doctor's package is heavy."
(Genta) "Then let's leave it anywhere!"
No way!
Inside the package is a very important treasure for me!
I have been able to reduce the margin of error to a radius of 10 meters.
"I'll send you the images that arrive from the drone,
because you calculate the right moment."
Very good.
Thank you.
(Ayumi) "But are you sure we can do this?"
I don't know if it's okay that we're going to record the Hakuchi's capsule
from so close.
Don't suffer.
I have permission from the police.
Even if it's the secret one...
-What do you mean?
-What now?
-The parachute won't come out?!
-What can we do?
Everything indicates that the heat shield has blocked it.
Prime Minister, give the order to destroy it!
-Man, but...
-Stop, let's not be hasty!
(Woman) If intercepted at this altitude, the damage could be severe.
It's already at less than 30 thousand meters of altitude.
Yes.
Understood.
No mistake now.
Roger that.
Amuro, will this guide you?
Yes...
(Mitsuhiko) "We're approaching the capsule!"
(Thinking) "I leave it in your hands."
If we keep going like this, though, we'll end up shocking!
Oh, we don't have to suffer!
This drone has a special system installed
and it deflects itself when it detects an object nearby.
Let's see, guys, if you don't get closer, it won't be able to see the capsule coming down.
No!
I want to see it!
-Go ahead, Mitsuhiko!
-That's done!
(Think) "Kudo, don't do anything crazy."
Look, he's coming!
Go ahead!
-What now?
-The parachute... has opened!
-Oh, what luck... -It opened...
-Òndia!
-You can't see anything on the screen.
Listen, it must not have crashed, right?
But doesn't it have a system that makes it dodge objects?
Eh?
Maybe it has run out of battery.
It doesn't really have one, this system...
It seems to have gone well.
You guys really cracked me up.
Who are you?
Well, you could say we're... the collaborators of a little detective.
Yes.
Copy that.
That's nice.
It worked.
Mr. Furuya?
We'll take it.
Just a moment!
I'll take her.
Mr. Kusakabe, our bond is still fully intact.
Of course it is.
Come on, let's go.
-Kyoko!
-Fumikazu!
Fumikazu... You can't be...
Are you really alive?
It's really a case, you.
You're also a collaborator, then?
And a Public Security Prosecutor!
Miss Kyoko.
You were also a collaborator, weren't you?
From Inspector Kazami.
Remember what you asked me?
Why I hired at Fumikazu.
After he was kicked out of the training school,
the secret service decided to keep him under surveillance.
That's why I was ordered to hire him
and to report his movements to them.
However, as I worked with him, I don't know why,
but I began to feel attracted to him.
(Haba) "The same thing happened to me."

And that's why I'm still glad things went this way.
Who would have thought that you would also be a collaborator....
I gather it was all supposed to start with the unauthorized access to NAZU.
Yes.
The secret told me to frame the suspect,
so I went digging.
But then they caught at Fumikazu
the company that the suspect frequented.
I didn't understand why he wanted to do something like that.
I begged the secret police to help her.
But she committed suicide.
You don't know how I hated the secret police!
I closed the firm and continued as a collaborator,
waiting for the opportunity to take revenge on her.
And at that time she was ordered to defend in Kogoro
and to exonerate him, right?
Yes.
I didn't understand why the secret police wanted to prove his innocence.
That's why I decided to make him guilty.
He didn't care that he had nothing to do with it?!
And what did I have to do?!
I could not know that he was alive
and that he was under the protection of the secret police.
If she had known, this would not have happened.
Now in Fumikazu is a collaborator of yours, right?
What number is he?
What number is he?
Yes, I know that the secret police identify us with a numerical code.
I am 2-2-9-1, right?
What number is his, huh?!
Kyoko Tachibana,
you are relieved as a collaborator of the secret police.
Is that okay with you, Kazami?
Illegal actions that are started also have to end.
That's how we work, isn't it?
En Haba is here.
You are now completely free.
If you want to see it, we won't stop you...
Who do you think you are!
It was me who decided to be your collaborator!
And it was also I who decided to betray you!
As it was also I who decided to love him!
I don't want you to think that he has been controlling my whole life!
What do you think you are, eh?!
Good bye.
Kyoko...
As much as I hate her, protect her-right to the end.
-That's right... -...the way we work.
Thanks to you, we were able to stop a terrorist who was threatening Japan.
Thanks to your deduction.
When did you consider it terrorism?
That day, during the inspection of the Convention Center,
I learned that the gas valve could be accessed through the Internet.
I thought that this could lead to a terrorist attack.
and when I was giving instructions to the forensic police...
Based on the evidence they found,
it was possible to consider it an accident.
And that's why we invented a suspect.
I wanted a suspect that the police would hand over as soon as possible
to a Public Safety prosecutor,
who would do whatever the secret police said.
That's why you sent Ms. Kyoko as a lawyer.
and when the possibility of it being an accident was ruled out,
you released Kogoro.
You never cease to amaze me!
You solve all the mysteries.
No, I still have one more to clear up.
The cell phone.
And it's....
Huh?
You've had it lit up for a while now.
"Shinichi? We are now holed up at the Edge of Ocean Casino Tower."
"Call me when you feel the message."
Yes?
How?!
The capsule ?!
(Man) An explosion of unknown origin has deflected the capsule
and will fall on a man-made island in Tokyo Bay!
Well, on one of these islands there is Edge of Ocean,
where 30,000 people are sheltered!
(Woman) We can no longer intercept.
(Man) Slowly, please!
No pushing and shoving!
"(Man) Everybody keep calm!
"If we have brought them here is because it is a safe place, I promise you!"
Inspector!
By a confusion, private vehicles are also coming.
How do you say?!
There are only two bridges and they are collapsed!
This is not going well.
Panic is spreading.
Shinichi...
There's no way.
Ran isn't answering her cell phone.
What do we do?!
We're out of time!
Amuro, I'm sorry, but now it's your turn to help me.
There's a traffic jam up ahead.
They are not directing the evacuation well?
(Think) "Is that the Casino Tower?"
(Kazami) "Furuya!"
The parachute has detached and the capsule is accelerating!
And now ?!
"NAZU has calculated the predicted impact site."

"If we do nothing, in five minutes it will crash into the Casino Tower!"
Ran!
"I'm transferring the data to you!"
Shit!
What do we do?
What do we do?
Amuro!
You hold on tight!
What do you plan to do, Amuro?!
Here!
(Thinking) "Wow, I could see myself in the other neighborhood."
"That was awesome."
What's that?
What do we do now?
Wait, wait, wait!
Go to this building under construction!
We'll be right there.
All right, all right, all right.
Listen to me: don't split up.
(Eri) There's a lot of commotion.
Will we be in time?
Considering the height of the building
and the distance to the Casino Tower,
if we can launch from this point in a minute...
It's all or nothing.
(Voices Conan and Shinichi once) "Please, we have to make it in time."
"Ran!"
What's wrong?
The power of love is colossal.
I've wanted to ask a question for a long time now.
Do you have a girlfriend, you, Amuro?
My girlfriend...
is my country.
It's time, Amuro!
Can we divert it?
Even if it's just a little?
This is my intention.
Five!
Four!
Three!
(At the same time) Zero!
Two!
One!
No problem!
We're not doing well!
We're not high enough!
Endavaaant!
Father!
Ran!
Ran...
I'll take care of the rest.
Go over there, hurry.
I still have one more mystery to solve.
Why are you going to get involved in Kogoro Mouri?
Ha-ha-ha!
My position doesn't allow me to investigate openly,
but if I implicated him in the incident.
I was assured of your cooperation.
If I did, I knew he'd end up helping me body and soul.
Overrated.
Shinjitsu wa
itsumo Hitotsu demo
Seigi wa sueldo
Namida no Kazu dake...
Boku wa kurayami ni mayoikomi
Zen'aku no Yaiba nigitta
Furikazashita Yaiba wa
Sugus jibun ni kiri kakate kita nda.
You boku ni wa
"Zen" mo "aku" mo
"Machigai" mo aru
Boku wo Damasus boku mo iru....
Ima boku ga egaku tadashisa de
egaku risou de Kimi wo obiyakasu mono
Kanashimaseru mono kara.
Dare mo kizutsukazu
Dare mo kizutsukenai mama
Kim wo Mamoru koto nado wa
Dekinai to wakatteru
"Kanzi naru tadashisa" nado.
Zero na nda yo.
Kimi ga kurayami ni mayoikomi
Jibun sae shinji rarenu toki
Obieru sono kokoro ni tsukeiru you na
Kotoba ya Hikari nara
Sekaijuu ni ikutsu mo aru
Doko ni mo aru
Kimi wo Damasus Hikari mo aru...
Kimi wo mamoritai Soredemo mamoritai sono egao
Sono tame ni toki to shite
Aku ni Natta to shite mo
Ay no na no no moto ni
Dare ka ga ay no kusari de
Kimi no kokoro shibatte mo
Kokoro ni wa yagate chi ga nijimu no nara
Kono Yaiba de
Ai wo kiru yo
Kimi wo mamoritai
Soredemo mamoritai sono Ashita
Sono tame ni toki to shite
Aku ni Natta to shite mo
Ay no na no moto ni
Dare mo ga ay ni Mayotte mo
Shinjitsu wa itsumo Hitotsu
Dakedo Seigi wa itsumo
Hitotsu Jana
Mugen na nda
Zero Jana nda
Dakara sagasu yo
Zero no kanousei wo...
(Male) "He was inspired by police reports,
which would be like a manual for committing crimes."
"The former prosecutor's motive for perpetrating the bombings
is difficult to understand."
"With Makoto Kusakabe in custody, the Metropolitan Police..."
They don't talk about the secret police.
I'm sure it was Public Security's decision.
"The capsule of the Hakuchi probe has been recovered from Tokyo Bay."
"The Mars samples it contained have arrived in good condition..."
How good is this!
Mm!
"The Hakuchi probe was a joint project between Japan and the US."
Awesome.
But I would have liked to have seen it with the drone.
If we hadn't had to carry the doctor's package....
This group has no idea
the extent to which they've been able to contribute
to recovering this capsule.
No.
Nor that they have saved Japan from a catastrophe.
They are truly remarkable.
I've got it!
What do you say we go explore Mars with one of the doctor's drones?
-Yes, let's go!
-(Mitsuhiko) What a good idea!
(Mitsuhiko) Doctor, make us a new drone, come on!
(Genta) But one that's bigger, eh?!
Oh, is it?
Look, I think I'll give it a try...
- (Ayumi) Hurray!
- (Mitsuhiko) Thank you!
What a thrill!
(Genta) It will be brutal!
(Thinking) "I'm sorry, but this is impossible."

