(Girl) Maru, Take, Ebisu, Oshioike.
Yomesan, Rokkaku, Tako, Nishiki.
Shi, Aya, Butsu, Taka, Matsu, Man, Gojo.
Setta, Charachara, Uonotana.
We passed through Rokujō and Santetsu.
We passed Shichijo and found Ha and Kujo,
which ends at Jujo temple.
DETECTIVE CONAN
"Crossroads in the ancient capital"
My name is Shinichi Kudo and I am a teenage detective.
One day, I went to the amusement park with Ran Mouri,
my best friend and classmate,
and I witnessed a suspicious exchange
between two men dressed in black.
I was so focused on watching those two men,
that I didn't notice another one behind me.
He made me swallow a poison
and, when I woke up... my body had shrunk!
If they found out that Shinichi Kudo was still alive, they would want to kill me, and the life of Shinichi Kudo was still alive,
they would want to kill me and the lives of those around me would be in danger.
That's why Dr. Agasa advised me
to hide my identity.
When the Ran asked me what my name was,
I thought to tell her that I called myself Conan Edogawa.
Since Ran's father is a detective,
I decided to live with them
to get information about the men in black.
I am the teenage detective in the west, in Heiji Hattori.
I have inherited from my father, chief of the Osaka police,
my powers of deduction and my talent for kendo.
On the other hand, I inherited my mother's bravery.
By the way, I inherited my dark skin tone from my grandfather.
In the past, I was the western detective and in Kudo, the eastern detective.
We always competed to see who was the best.
But in Kudo, you will never cease to amaze me!
Using Agasa's inventions and all kinds of strange gadgets, he continues to solve one case after another,
he continues to solve one case after another.
Apart from the doctor and myself,
there are more people who know en Kudo's true identity:
Kudo's father and mother
and Ai Haibara, a girl who goes to the same class as him.
This girl had been a member of the men in black,
but she wanted to escape
and shrank by swallowing the same poison that the bad guys had made her take
that the bad guys had made her drink in Kudo.
I also had to tell you about my childhood friend and classmate
and classmate,
a very scandalous girl named Kazuha Toyama.
Scandalous, me?
Please don't show up unannounced, you idiot!
You really are an idiot!
Who were you talking to?
Who were you talking to?
Well, I was explaining the argument to those who are looking at us
so they don't get lost.
What's that?
It seems to me that you're getting more and more sound.
You're really crazy!
I'm small but I have the brains of an adult.
There is only one truth!
(Megaphone: man) "Gentlemen passengers, the train bound for Osaka..."
"Still can't go back, then?"
(Shinichi voice) No....
It's just that I'm too busy investigating these cases.
Ya.
It's been very cold lately, try to take care of yourself and keep warm.
You too, try not to sleep with your butt uncovered.
What? I don't sleep with my ass uncovered.
I don't sleep with my ass uncovered, you donkey!
Mount Yoshino!
Walking on the white snow of the ridge
you sigh for your great love!
Who do you think you are, Yoshitsune and lady Shizuka, or what?
Say.
Father!
We've been friends for a long time, it's normal for me to worry about him!
I have to hang up, that the father s'enriu of me.
Just a moment...!
Anyway, next time I'll have to call when his father is not there.
On Yoshitsune and lady Shizuka?
Aren't they the two lovers who got separated
and could never meet again?
(Think) "What encouragement!"
On Benkei being late.
-Yes.
And that he said he had deciphered the enigma.
Well, he is the one who is most interested in that.
Aaaah!
Aaaaaaaaah!
Kataoka!
Aaaah!
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!
Let's see, according to the results of the investigation,
we've been able to discover
that the 5 people killed in Tokyo, Osaka and Kyoto...
were members of a robbery gang called Genji Botaru.
(People: whispers)
For this reason, the Tokyo Metropolitan Police...
(Takagi) Sato.
Did you know that Inspector Ayanokoji of Kyoto...
is one of Inspector Shiratori's classmates?
-Yes.
He comes from a very rich family, that's why he's called the "inspectorcrat".

Look at his left breast pocket.
(Takagi) Oh!
What the hell is this?
He has a pet squirrel.
They say he always carries it around.
It's even more eccentric than Shiratori.
-The Genji Botaru gang has been operating in Tokyo, Kyoto and Osaka...
since 1991,
and is dedicated to stealing Buddha statues and famous works of art.
One of its characteristics is...
that its members call themselves
as the servants of the legendary samurai Yoshitsune,
and they have a copy of the "Chronicle of Yoshitsune".
The head is in Yoshitsune.
The gang has 8 members in total,
among them in Benkei and in Saburo Isen.
5 of the men in Yoshitsune have been killed,
and their copies of the "Yoshitsune Chronicle" have disappeared.
Do you have any clues?
The only thing we know is that he is a good swordsman
and that he is proficient in archery,
but we don't know the age or sex of the 3 members who are still alive,
Yoshitsune, Benkei and Saburo Isen.
The police will devote all their resources
to identify and arrest the killer
and the other members of the robbery gang as soon as possible,
so we will continue to investigate thoroughly.
The leader of the robbery gang calls himself Yoshitsune.
Heiji, what are you?
AAAA!
Heiji!
Ah!
Be careful!
It looks like a very valuable jewel.
Y-yes, I'd better keep it.
You're leaving, Heiji?
Yes, I'd like to check a few things.
By the way, what did you want?
I was thinking we could go to Tomorogi Park
to walk under the cherry trees, but whatever.
Oh, right.
I'm sorry, but I have to go.
-Go on account. -Yes.
Why did I have to say good-bye to you with that pouty smile?
For us Japanese, coming to Kyoto is like coming home!
Listen, I made an exception and let him come with me,
but I don't get angry while I'm working, okay?
(At the same time) Yes!
(Ayumi) How lucky you are at Conan!
He must have already arrived in Kyoto.
(Ayumi) -Mr. Mouri had received an order from Sanno Temple.
(Ayumi) Yes.
Well, we want to go to Kyoto too!
Mm... In fact, maybe I could accompany you.
-You're serious? -I could see Conan!
(At the same time) How nice!
Hurray!
It will be very exciting!
But that will be if you guess correctly the riddle that I will propose you.
I knew it!
I don't feel like going to Kyoto anymore.
(Ouch) Don't be like that!
Let it go.
Maybe it will help you to kill time.
-What do we do? We try to do it!
I agree!
Hm.
I guess you all 3 know who he was in Benkei.
Hm.
It was one of the men in Yoshitsune.
Hey!
Who is this Yoshitsune?
When he was little, his name was Ushiwakamaru.
At Gojo Bridge in Kyoto,
in Yoshitsune Minamoto beat the warrior monk Benkei,
who was waiting for her with a sword
to make him her 1,000th victim,
and made him her servant.
At that time, the Genji and Heike clans were at war,
and in Yoshitsune they defeated the Heike clan.
But in Yoritomo, his elder brother, took a great dislike of him.
In the end, he was forced to commit suicide to Hiraizumi,
the present-day prefecture of Iwate.
Wow, you are well informed!
Here's your guess.
In Benkei he was in love with a girl named Uzune,
but she married another man.
What did he do in Benkei when he found out?
1: He got angry.
2: He was happy.
3: He cried.
What to say, guys?
Ah!
So he was in love!
I'm sure he took it badly in Benkei!
I would be very surprised if he was happy!
So, you think the correct answer is the first one?
-He cried .- (at the same time) What?
The correct answer is the third.
You mean the weak point in Benkei, right?
Caram, Ay, there's no riddle you can't guess!
What is the weak point of en Benkei?
Even brave warriors like en Benkei have a weak point
that, if you touch them, it makes them so bad that they cry like children.
The weak point of en Benkei was this part of the leg,
which in Japanese is called "mukouzune."
-I still don't understand
what a leg bone has to do with the riddle.
Yes, as a matter of fact, I don't either....
Now I get it!
The two boys who got married were named Muko and Uzune....
The two names together read "mukouzune", the leg bone!

Another word game!
Anyway, we got the answer right,
this means that it will take us to Kyoto!
-In fact, it was Ay who said the correct answer.
But Haibara is part of the Junior Detective League!
-You can't just take Haibara and take her away from her classmates!
-Mother always tells me never to become an adult
those who don't keep promises.
(Boy) Thank you very much, sir.
(Kogoro) To... you.
(Man: laughing)
Having said that, we don't need to talk anymore.
Oh!
Mr. Mouri!
I can't thank you enough for coming here!
My name is Ryuen, I'm the one who called you.
We will make the introductions.
The high priest Enkai.
These 3 gentlemen are some of our most generous worshippers.
Mr. Shozo Sakura has an antique store on Teramachi Street.
So you are the famous detective Kogoro Mouri!
I am?
Do you really consider me a famous person?
-This boy is Shuntaro Mizu, a young Japanese stage actor.
And to finish I introduce Mr. Taiga Saijo, bookseller.
It's a pleasure, detective.
In fact, we are all classmates from the kendo school.
Gee, you all practice kendo?
Now I understand why you stay so young, Mr. Enkai!
(Thinking) "Oh. You practice kendo?"
I've heard that in this temple there is a secret statue of Buddha
that they only display once every 12 years.
Yes.
He is the god of medicine and health.
They will display the statue here for 3 days, right?
We really want to see it, that's why we came to Kyoto.
Of course...
I'm sure the deity will be very pleased to see you too.
What does it say, now?!
That the main statue has been stolen?!
Yes.
In fact, it's been missing for 8 years now.
On the right is the divinity of the sun
and on the left, the divinity of the moon.
But the central statue was stolen,
the divinity of medicine and health.
I was in favor of calling the police as soon as possible,
but the high priest wouldn't let me.
He told me that perhaps destiny would take care
to put the statue back in its place.
What a bunch of jokers!
The fact is that 8 years have already passed.
5 days ago... we received this letter.
It has no stamp, and there is no sender's name either.
"If we decipher this enigma, you will know where the stolen statue is."
What does this drawing mean?
(Heiji) Thank you, see you later!
I figured there would be no witnesses at this hour of the morning.
- (woman: call) -Thief!
Get out of the way!
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!
Ayyy!
What a shock!
How maaaaal!
It's the weak point of Benkei.
Doesn't it hurt?
Here.
This is yours, madam.
Thank you.
You're very kind and very brave, young man.
Anyone else would have done the same.
My name is Tae Yamakura,
I'm the owner of a teahouse in the Miyagawa district.
Go on, give him the card!
Yes.
My name is Chikasuzu.
Nice to meet you.
What can we do to thank you for what you've done?
Don't worry, really, it was no big deal.
Come and see us anytime, you're always welcome.
-Take care, ladies! Thank you!
(Kogoro: sighs)
I don't know where to start.
On the fifth step, the top step of all,
are drawn a cicada, a goblin and a little orange fish.
And the bottom step, the fourth one, there's a rooster and... a kind of eel.
How disgusting it makes me, this yellow eel!
And what is that black comma-shaped thing?
I'm sure it's just a speck.
Between the second and the third step there is a violet one,
another goblin and Mount Fuji.
And next to it, an acorn is drawn.
And this enigma you must decipher in only 3 days?
Yes, but don't suffer!
For a guy like me,
there is no riddle or hieroglyphic impossible to decipher!
(He thinks) "Let me doubt it..."
Why don't we leave it to the professionals...
take care of deciphering the mysteries and finding the statue...
and go for a walk in Kyoto?
Go for a walk.
If I'm hanging around here, I can't concentrate.
Yesterday I spoke to the Kazuha on the phone
and she promised to come and show us around the city today.
But it seems that she had to do something in Hattori and she can't come.

Paired boys don't interest me in the slightest, better that he doesn't come.
"Wow, so Hattori won't be coming."
Will you come with us too, Conan?
No, I don't think I can...
I'm meeting some kids from the neighborhood to go trout fishing in the river.
Wow!
You've already made friends in Kyoto?
Okay, but keep an eye out.
"I'm sure that the thieves who stole the statue from Sanno Temple...
"belong to the Genji Botaru gang."
"But... who sent this riddle and for what purpose?"
"And what does all this have to do with the 5 murders?"
"Genji Botaru..."
"I only know one place in this city.
"Related to Yoshitsune and Benkei."
There is nothing here that could have anything to do with the riddle.
(Heiji) On top of Gojo Bridge, in Kyoto,
the great Benkei warrior unsheathes his sword,
points it at the Ushiwakamaru
and drops it with all his might!
Ha... Hattori!
Well, I didn't expect to find you here.
Sometimes fate is capricious and has hidden punches!
Please, can I have my wooden sword back?
Yes, here it is... Thank you!
-Let's go in! - (once) Yes!
You better train hard!
How did it occur to you to take the sword from a child?
By the way, what did you come here to do, you?
This is what I should ask you.
The truth is that I knew quite well the owner of the restaurant in Osaka
who was murdered.
They say he belonged to a gang of thieves,
but I often went to eat at his place when I was in high school,
and he had always been very good to me.
I'd like to find the culprit and avenge his death.
That's why you came to Kyoto
and now you're trying to find some clue about the culprit.
I have something that might interest you.
I understand.
If we decipher this drawing,
we'll know where the statue of divinity is...
and maybe we'll find some clue that will lead us to the murderer.
So, you too...? Yes.
I thought
that, if the thieves of the statue were the members of the Genji Botaru,
I had to go somewhere
that went into the history of Yoshitsune and into Benkei
to find some clue.
The problem is that I don't know the city.
Don't worry, I'll give you a hand.
I'll guide you around the city.
This is the Gojo temple.
In fact, according to the "Chronicle of Yoshitsune,"
this is where it meets the Benkei, not the Gojo Bridge.
What do you say?
Is there anything you can use?
No.
I would say no...
Then let's go somewhere else.
Anyway, this smells.
What's that?
Why didn't the high priest of the Sanno temple
didn't put me in charge of the investigation?
I'm the best detective in the Kansai region!
Maybe he didn't warn you
because he didn't want the police to know about the robbery.
After all, your father is a big shot in the police, isn't he?
Maybe he is.
(Thinking) "Oh. Wait a minute! Come to think of it..."
Here we are.
This is it.
The Benkei stone?
Some theories say
that it is the stone where Benkei used to sit,
and there are others who claim it rolled down from Mount Hiei.
It seems to me that this won't help us either.
Understood.
Let's go somewhere else.
Where do you want to take me? We'll go to Keage's pendant.
I'm inspector Ayanokoji from Kyoto.
I understand you're investigating
the Genji Botaru gang murders.
This isn't like Osaka.
Amateurs like you shouldn't stick your nose in.
"It's a squirrel!"
It's been a pleasure.
You can see the world is full of sound detectives.
- (child) Let's take a picture! - (child) With the cherry trees in the background!
(child) It's beautiful! Ah, what a fantastic landscape!
It would make me so happy
to be able to look at it with my Makoto!
Ran!
Don't get mad at me! Ha-ha!
It's the same thing you do to me.
What's wrong with you?
What's the matter with you?
You had a fight with Hattori?
It turns out that Heiji also had to come to Kyoto...
to investigate a case.
I'm really worried because this is where his first love lives!
What? What?
(Sighs)
I see this doesn't work for you either.
Shall we eat?
Yes.
How many cherry trees!
It's that..., when I see the cherry blossoms,
I always remember something that happened to me... 9 years ago.
It was in Kyoto, I went to explore a temple...

and pulled me up to a barred window.
Suddenly, the grating broke and I fell to the ground.
I hit my head and lost consciousness.
I don't know how long I was unconscious,
but when I woke up...
(Girl) We passed Shichijo and found Ha and Kujo,
which ends at Jujo temple.
Maru, Take, Ebisu, Oshioike.
Yomesan, Rokkaku, Tako, Nishiki.
Shi, Aya, Butsu, Taka, Matsu, Man, Gojo.
Setta, Charachara, Uonotana.
(Heiji) "It seems like a dream, but it's a true story."
I still hold out hope of seeing her again someday.
(laughs)
(laughs) Hey!
What's so funny?
Excuse me, I'm sorry.
Go on.
When I come to Kyoto I always carry this in my pocket.
A glass bead.
I've seen it somewhere before.
Have you?
Do you know anyone who has one like it?
No.
But she's aware of this story?
Who's "she"?
Ah, you mean the Kazuha!
I haven't explained it to her in detail,
but she does know something.
It looks like she found out on her own.
In a magazine article?
Yes.
It's a very successful news magazine in the Kansai region.
The reporter asked Heiji about his first love,
and he replied that it was a girl
a couple of years older than him
he met when he was in elementary school.
He also said that the girl had lost a very valuable piece of jewelry,
and they even took a picture of her showing this rock!
What's this?
It's just a glass bead that she must have dropped without realizing it.
And do you know who this girl is, Kazuha?
I have no idea.
It seems that Heiji only saw her that day,
but he still looks for her every time he comes to Kyoto.
Ah, that's why he had his picture taken with the little ball!
He imagined that maybe the girl would read the magazine article
and get in touch with him, right?
-Yes!
Isn't that unfair? -Hm!
Plus, he also added a photo from that time.
Oh!
How cute!
Isn't it?
When I was little, Heiji was so....
Please, Ran, don't make me change the subject.
I don't think you have anything to worry about.
Even if Hattori was in love with that girl,
that all happened a long time ago.
She seems to be fine with you now, doesn't she?
Anyway,
first love is always the most special for men.
Sonoko!
Anyway, I don't want to bore you any more with my stories!
Would you like to try the bean paste?
Excuse me!
3 plates of bean paste!
As soon as possible, please!
This is the west gate of Kurama Temple.
Normally you enter through the main gate,
but we'll take a shortcut through the forest.
This is the Sojogatani shrine.
This is where the Ushiwakamaru met the long-nosed elf
who instructed him in the art of war.
The truth is that it is an ideal place to practice with the sword.
By the way, have you seen what a tall cedar tree there is here?
Hattori, not here either...
Watch out!
Hold it!
Hey, Kudo!
He's as agile as Ushiwakamaru!
He'll get away!
Kudo!
Kudo!
We've got him!
What's he doing?!
Gentlemen passengers, don't dawdle!
- (motorcycle: approaching) -The train will be leaving from sec...
Well, that's not exactly what I meant either...
Hattori!
This is the train track! Don't talk to me, you're distracting me!
"You have violated the highway code."
"You know your license can be revoked?"
What is this?
(Train: beep!)
Shit!
We were about to catch him!
This guy would be
the man who murdered the members of the Genji Botaru.
Maybe he is.
What I don't understand is why he tried to kill you as well.
But it's in Hattori! What are you doing here?
Strolling around town, I happened to run into Kud...
I mean, this boy,
and we set out to solve the mystery of the drawings together.
-So, have you managed to decipher the enigma?
Not yet... It's quite difficult!
What's he got out of it, Mr. Kogoro?
What do you think?
Oh!
(Girl: sings)

-Wow, it's a splendid night. -Wow!

Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha! - #

(applause)
Very good, Chikasuzu, you're the best of all!

Thank you!
Thank you very much.
Pour some sake for Mr. Mouri, please.
Yes.
-May I? -Of course!
My God, I feel like I'm in paradise!
Well, it's time to go back to earth!
(Kogoro) May I know what you guys are doing here?
He-he-he-he!
The high priest told us where we would find him.
Sure, the high priest!
Would you like to sit down and share a glass of sake with us?
Excuse me, may I, gentlemen?
Oysters!
You are the geisha of Miyagawa!
Yes, I am the Chikasuzu.
Thank you for catching that thief.
-What... do you know her, Heiji? -Yes, a little.
I lose sight of you for a moment, and look what happens!
Don't scold your father, Ran, it's not his fault.
It was us who asked him out.
He's right.
We wanted to ask you
to explain to us what you think about the Genji Botaru crime case.
I have heard...
that the members of Genji Botaru
have a copy of the "Chronicle of Yoshitsune".
-Yes, but I have one too.
It's an extraordinary book!
-Doesn't it, bookseller? -Yes, it is.
But I don't like it very much.
Although it's called "Chronicle of Yoshitsune",
it's more like a "chronicle of Benkei,"
because it describes his life.
Well, I do like it.
I find Ataka's part particularly brilliant.
What is the Ataka part?
It's one of the acts in the play.
As they escape from their pursuers,
in Yoshitsune and his men disguise themselves as hermit monks
and try to flee past the Ataka checkpoint, but...
...the guards at the check point
are about to find out at Yoshitsune.
Then, in Benkei, his servant,
hits him on the head with a steel bar.
But... why?
He does it expressly to fool the guards.
After all, there is no servant who dares to assault his master...
with a steel bar, is there?
That was how the Yoshitsune's retinue
was able to flee quietly.
Later, en Benkei broke down in tears...
and begged his lord for forgiveness,
but en Yoshitsune praised en Benkei's wise decision.
It is a beautiful story
that shows that they were united by a very strong bond.
Excuse me, mistress.
I work too much lately and sleep too little.
Would you mind if I stretched out for a while downstairs?
You can take a nap in the next room, if you prefer.
We're not expecting any more customers this afternoon.
No, I'll be quieter downstairs.
Let's see, will you do me a favor and wake me up at 9 o'clock?
I hope you've finished enjoying your evening, gentlemen.
Oh, but you can see the river!
But you can see the river!
Yes, it's the Kamo River.
-What beautiful cherry trees! -They're beautiful!
Come and see the view, Ran!
There are many couples sitting on the edge of the Kamo River,
but I think it's even more beautiful
to look at the cherry trees from the Misogi River,
which runs right under this building.
Yes, it is beautiful.
Yes, it is a delight!
These fingers that look like piglets
make me want to take a bite!
Aaaaah...
But... did you hurt yourself?
Yes, a little.
Kogoro will heal your wounds...
Please behave yourself!
"He-he-he... He'll never learn."
Hey.
Look.
Is that Inspector Ayanokoji? What's he doing down there?
Why don't you go out on the balcony downstairs...
and look at the cherry blossoms?
It's a perfect night, there are no clouds and the moon is shining like never before.
Do you want to come down? Yes, come on!
I'd rather stay up here.
I'd rather stay up here too.
Why do you want to stay up here?
Do you like that geisha?
And now!
Don't talk nonsense!
(Geisha: sings)

-Ouch!
Ay! - ## (Geisha: sings)

(Geisha:) Ah!
Geez, you've beaten me!
This man has got the machinery going.
He's always got the machinery going.
Chikasuzu, I want a rematch!
I'm going to the bathroom too.
You don't need to come with me, although I'm not drunk.
-Stay with Mr. Mouri. -Okay.
Come on, let's go!
Oh!
The moon has risen.
(Kogoro) This one!
(Kogoro) Ow!
Oops!
The moon...
Mm?
What's up? Nothing...
I remembered a time
Ran and I were going on a date.
By the time I remembered we had a date,
I was already two hours late.

Poor girl!
I was convinced she would have gone home by now,
but I went to the place where we had arranged to meet, just in case.
Who's there?
(gasps)
I'm sorry, Ran.
I'd gone out of my mind completely!
What a break!
I was worried that something had happened to you, Shinichi.
Was it that day when you realized that Ran had become more than just a lifelong friend?
more than just a lifelong friend?
You idiot!
You don't know what you're talking about.
(Thinking) "I had long since realized it."
"And she... she's waiting for me, though."
What's wrong, Ran?
It's nothing.
It's no use!
I'm so angry.
Well... I envy you, Kazuha.
Why?
Because... you can see him whenever you want.
But, but Ran...
It's true, it's been too long since I've seen Makoto, too.
The suffering of young girls knows no bounds!
(Men: laugh)
On the other hand, the men... are having a great time!
(At the same time) Tiger, tiger, tiger, tiger, tiger!
(Laughter)
Mr. Sakura, it's already 9 o'clock.
Mr. Sakura?
May I?
Oh.
Where did she go?
Mr. Sakura?
Oh!
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!
What was that scream?
(Yamakura) Somebody help me!
(Yamakura) What happened?
Mr. Sakura is...
Mr... Mr. Sakura!
Nobody come in here!
Ran, call the police right away!
Yes!
(Kogoro) His carotid artery has been cut with a sharp object.
It's a perfect cut!
It could be the same serial killer who has committed other crimes.
I thought I knew your face!
-You're teenage detective Heiji Hattori!
Yes.
I'd appreciate it if you'd wait in the room we were in
until the police arrive.
-And don't go out on the street at all.
Understood.
It seems that Mr. Sakura has been killed
while he was looking for something in these boxes,
but what was he looking for?
The buttons of his jacket have been ripped off.
Yes, he must have had a hard time undoing the buttons...
with gloved hands.
However, it doesn't look like he touched the wallet full of bills.
The cell phone was not the money, therefore.
Aaah!
Ah! Don't touch the corpse!
How many times am I going to tell you? Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaai!
Oh!
Ah!
How maaaaal!
Yes?
-I'm Inspector Ayanokoji of the Kyoto police.
-Thank you for coming.
Come in.
-Go to the door behind. -Yes.
Here we have the Kyoto police inspector...
He didn't take long to arrive!
Hey!
No squirrel today?
What do you think I take it everywhere?
What do you think?
The killer could have come from outside.
It's not entirely impossible,
but if he'd come in through the sliding door at the back,
the landlady would have heard the noise.
Also, for some reason unknown to me,
the killer knew that Mr. Sakura was the storage room.
Therefore...
...the most likely suspects are the ones who knew Mr. Sakura,
that is, Mr. Saijo, Ryuen and Mr. Mizu.
When Mr. Sakura and the girls have left,
all 3 have gotten up one moment or another to go to the bathroom.
In addition, very close to here are the stairs leading to the basement.
This means that any of the 3 had the opportunity...
to make it look like he was going to the toilet and kill Mr. Sakura,
which was the storage room.
There is a detail that catches my attention.
When Mr. Mizu has gone to the toilet,
the Chikasuzu got up to accompany him.
Yes.
It seems to be a custom that geishas have.
On the other hand, when Ryuen and Mr. Saijo went to the washroom, she didn't accompany them,
he didn't accompany them.
Because he was playing with Kogoro.
Perhaps the murderer was waiting for the right moment
so that he could go to the toilet alone.
In this case, Ryuen and Mr. Saijo would be suspects,
and Mr. Mizu would be innocent.
If we rule out that the Chikasuzu is the accomplice.
You are right.
Let's go then.
Don't try to run away from studying!
That's why you've shuffled Mr. Sakura's jacket, isn't it?
Ah..., you mean that?
If I remember correctly,
Sakura-san's store was on Teramachi Street.
The Chronicle!
Saburo Isen?
Hattori!
Oysters!
Mr. Sakura was Saburo Isen?
Mm?
What's this?
Oh!
Look at this!

It is a copy of the drawing!
What do you mean?
Why did Mr. Sakura have a copy of this drawing?
Maybe it was Mr. Sakura,
who sent the drawing to the temple of Sanno!
But... why did he do it?
(Kogoro) What do you say?
That Mr. Sakura was Saburo Isen?
(Heiji) Yes.
He was one of the members of the Genji Botaru.
Wait a minute, how many people have died so far?
Anyone could be next, even me!
(Heiji) What?
(Thinks) "I'd gladly strangle her!"
Listen.
If the drawing we found at Mr. Sakura's house was a copy,
there's a chance that Mr. Sakura had the original on him...
and the murderer took it.
Of course!
It didn't occur to the murderer
that Mr. Sakura could have made a copy.
So, who the fuck is the murderer?
I think the 4 main suspects are...
Ryuen, Saijo-san, Mizu-san and Chikasuzu-san.
What?! What?!
But none of them had the murder weapon on them.
When you two left,
the police searched us all.
Right, because there's no one stupid enough...
to keep the gun after someone's dead.
It must have been disposed of by hiding it somewhere.
Well, they didn't find it in any of the tea house rooms.
What about the Misogi River?
Maybe she threw it
from the window in the basement hallway.
Isn't that right?
I thought of that too!
What's that?
Sonoko says that, while we were on the balcony,
she thought she heard the sound of something falling into the Misogi River.
-Really? -I'm sure.
But... the thing is that the police have also dredged the river,
and they haven't found the murder weapon.
It's all very mysterious.
That means there must be an accomplice!
Someone who was waiting outside and who has retrieved the weapon from the river!
It is unlikely.
Why do you say so, Kud... I mean, Conan?
It's a full moon tonight, it's bright outside.
"Through the cracks in the balcony floor you can see the street."
If there had been an accomplice
waiting by the Misogi River,
the girls would have seen her from the balcony.
(Kogoro) You're right.
(Kogoro) This is what happened.
The murderer entered the teahouse from the outside
before the girls went out to the balcony.
(Kogoro) "He snuck in through the basement window,
"hid in the washroom or some other room...
"And waited for Mr. Sakura to come down to the storage room to kill him."
"Then, he took the gun... and fled the way he came in."
But we didn't see any of this,
and there are no witnesses
among the people walking along the riverbank.
It was a fluke!
The murderer has had a stroke of luck.
Mm... I'm not convinced.
It's the biker from Kurama Temple!
Kazuha!
Don't let go!
What?!
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!
You stay here..., okay?!
Heiji!
I take it you want to challenge me.
I accept the challenge.
(Think) "It doesn't look like he wants to defend himself!"
Iaaaaaaaah!
"Fencing gloves door!"
Are you the assassin who killed Mr. Sakura?
If you are, do to me what you did to him and carve my neck!
This is nothing you'd be interested in.
I see blurry...
Inspector, this is it!
Heiji, are you all right?
Kazuha..., and the inspector?
It's a lie, there's no one else!
Wow!
Where did you learn to do this?
You're a very brave girl.
Oh!
Heiji!
Heiji, have you woken up yet?
Kazuha!
How nice! We were worried about you, Heiji.
Otaki!
And you... who are you?
Inspector Shiratori, from Tokyo.
I'm told that the victim, Mr. Shozo Sakura,
belonged to the Genji Botaru gang
and I rushed all the way from the capital.
Yes, it hurts a little.
We searched Mr. Sakura's house,
and in the store we found a number of stolen works of art.
Have you woken up yet?
(Heiji) Inspector, what happened to the dagger?
He is analyzing the scientist.
When you have the results, let me know right away.
If you need more evidence,
I can offer you my shoulder wound.

What?
Evidence?
Evidence that proves
that Mr. Sakura was killed with that same dagger.
Ideally, we'd need something else...
that would have touched the killer's skin, but...
Oh!
The motorcycle!
He had a motorcycle!
(Akanokoji) It was a stolen vehicle.
(Thinks) "An evidence to incriminate the culprit!"
By the way.
Do you know what this kind of drawing could mean?
We found it at the victim's house,
among the pages of the "Yoshitsune Chronicle".
Really?
Well, you know what I mean.
I hope you've learned your lesson and won't get into trouble again.
I have to go, too.
Take care of yourself, Heiji.
I'm going to call my father, I'll be right back.
Yes.
Don't worry, everything will be fine.
Yes.
Yes, Conan is here too.
Ran!
I have to go out for a moment...
Keep Heiji company, please!
Are you sure you're all right?
You should get some rest.
Don't suffer.
The truth is, that guy was weird.
"I hadn't seen that swordsmanship technique."
"I could swear he wore gloves reinforced with steel plates
"that he used as a shield."
I specifically provoked him to hurt me,
thinking the police would find the weapon
by comparing it to my wound,
but when he fled he left the dagger behind, I don't know why.
Besides, while... we were fighting,
I dropped the bag on the floor
and he jumped on it to try to pick it up.
It's all very strange.
Can you imagine that this swordsman with an old man's mask
was your first love?
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha!
Don't talk nonsense!
This is ridiculous!
(Mizu) You were attacked when we were leaving?
(Heiji) I'm sorry to bother you,
but I'd like to know if you have an alibi, Mr. Mizu.
Because the man who attacked me
was wearing a theater mask with an old man's face.
An old man's mask?
I would also like to feel
the alibis of Mr. Saijo and Mr. Ryuen.
-Are we suspects too? -It's all right.
In fact, today Miss Chikasuzu and the 3 of us had arranged...
to have an exchange of opinions about Sakura's murder.
Yes...
Understood.
Yesterday, when I left the teahouse,
I went home right away and went to sleep.
The problem is that I am single,
and my mother sleeps in another room,
so she won't be able to confirm if I stayed all night.
It's the same for me.
I live alone on the top floor of my bookstore on Teramachi Street.
I stayed for a while in the main hall of the temple, reading the holy scriptures
reading the holy scriptures,
and then I went to sleep.
-No one can confirm ho.-Okay.
Another thing, does anyone of you master archery?
Archery?
No.
I use a catalpa wood bow
when the scenery is an autumn landscape.
-I used to make the string of a bow ring to ward off evil spirits,
but I don't know how to shoot.
And do you know if any of the other people who were at the tea house yesterday
practices archery?
I could have sworn that the "yamakura" of....
What?
Mrs. Yamakura knows how to shoot a bow?
But she wasn't there last night.
No, she wasn't.
I'm sorry.
She's here.
But... What is it?
Please come in.
Are you Miss Chikasuzu? Yes, that's right.
(Mizu) When you dress up as a geisha, you look like someone else, don't you?
-Come in, come in.
Yes, thank you very much.
Thank you for the evening last night,
I hope we can repeat it soon.
It's our pleasure.
Thank you, see you later.
Sanno Temple is on Rokkaku Street, right?
This is Ebisugawa Street, so...
Maru, Take, Ebisu, Oshioike.
Anesan, Rokkaku...
So, it's the sixth corner.
Maru, Take, Ebisu, Oshioike.
What song is it, this one?
Well... it's a song to bounce the ball.
The lyrics list all the streets in Kyoto,
from east to west and north to south.
Maru, Take, Ebisu, Oshioike.
Anesan, Rokkaku, Tako, Nishiki.
Shi, Aya, Butsu, Taka, Matsu, Man, Gojo.
Setta, Charachara, Uonotana.
We passed through Rokujō and Santetsu.
We passed Shichijo and found Ha and Kujo,
which ends at Jujo temple.
Every child in Kyoto learns the names of the streets with this song.
Ah...

Wait a minute, so you were born in Kyoto too?
Yes, I'm from here.
-How old are you? -19 years old.
19 ?!
This is Oike Street.
I live nearby.
So long! Good bye!
You mustn't think this girl...?
I'm sure she is.
I'm sure!
She was born in Kyoto and is a couple of years older than me.
But she just told you that all the kids in Kyoto know this song!
-I finally found her, it's about time! - (mobile)
Yes, tell me?
(Otaki) "May I know what you've done, Heiji?!"
(Otaki) "How could you think of running away from the hospital?"
Hello, Otaki.
(Otaki) Anyway, let's just let it go.
The results of the blood test are in.
According to the forensic police,
the traces of blood that were on the handle of the dagger
match Mr. Sakura's blood type.
"In addition, the blade of the weapon is also a match...
"with the wound on the victim's neck."
Understood.
Heiji, I know you're a very cautious boy, but don't do anything foolish.
What would you tell your father if something happened to you?
"Don't worry, I'll be careful! Thanks for everything, Otaki."
(Phone: communication cut off)
We can now be sure that the man who attacked me with the old man's mask is the same one who killed Mr. Sakai.
is the same one who killed Mr. Sakura.
So, none of the 4 suspects we have seen today is the killer,
because they didn't have a chance to get rid of the gun...
-Hello, Conan!
What are you doing? -Hello!
What are you doing here?
Dr. Agasa has taken us
as a reward for having guessed correctly the answer to his riddle.
-But the clueless guy in Genta... is lost in the city.
You can talk to him through the pin!
We've already tracked him down, and even talked to him.
But in Genta he can't read street names and doesn't know where he is.
It just came to me
that you could look for him with the tracking glasses.
Okay, I'll take care of it.
Wow! Hey!
How interesting!
Let's see...
Damn!
I heard there was another murder.
Yes... I'll explain it in more detail later.
- (snoring) -Again!
Oh, you have those pills?
What are these?
Some pills to disguise stomach noises.
The doctor invented them for compromising occasions.
I also have some pills for people who can't drink alcohol...
that turn you red right away as if you've been drinking,
and ones that cause the same symptoms as a common cold,
for those who don't feel like going to work.
The Ay helped me a little...
(thinks) "He-he.... They don't look like useful inventions."
(Heiji) I've already found it, it's here!
At the Rokkaku temple.
(Ayumi) Ah!
It's here, in Genta?
Finally found it!
I got lost...
In Genta is there!
Ha-ha!
What a break!
Good to see you, Genta!
-I thought we'd never see you again!
Me too...
-I think it's very practical, that thing you're wearing.
Mm?
It's a pin with a built-in transmitter?
Yes.
The frequency that the transmitter emits from the pins
is synchronized with the frequency of the glasses, and so...
Hattori! Of course it is!
What's up, what do you say?
(Flow) Ku-Kudo, you mean...?
I'm sure.
Yes.
The noise that Ran's friend felt...
was the murderer throwing the murder weapon into the water.
This means we're back to the same 4 suspects.
No, only 3.
You mustn't think
that the first girl I liked is a murderer, do you?
Why wouldn't she be?
There's just one thing that doesn't quite add up for me.
The lyrics of the song that Chikasuzu sang for us before
was a little different from the one I remembered.
The little girl bouncing the ball said "Yomesan, Rokkaku."
and she said "Anesan, Rokkaku".
Why is that? No idea.
I found a piece of the mask the murderer was wearing!
(Takagi) Inspector!
-(Takagi) What is this?
It's the personal belongings
of the 3 victims who murdered Tokyo.
The first one wore a hat,
the second wore a scarf and the third wore gloves.
The color, material and design are identical.
Doesn't it look a bit suspicious? Yes, maybe it is.

Yes?
Why do you say so?
It wouldn't be surprising if Inspector Shiratori, for example,
would have worn these 3 pieces,
but if Inspector Megure were to put on the hat,
I put on the scarf and you put on the gloves,
it would draw my attention.
You're right.
It's as if Inspector Shiratori had died
and these 3 people
had divided his personal belongings.
That's right!
But... it was a joke!
-Ouch!
So hungry! -Well, suck it up!
The mother of Miss Chikasuzu
was a geisha from the Miyakawa district.
She died of an illness when her daughter was only 5 years old.
As she was a single mother,
Mrs. Tae Yamakura, a teahouse owner,
took care of Chikasuzu and educated her.
-What is a single mother? -How would I explain it to you?
It is a woman who has a child without being married, you know?
We don't know the identity of the girl's father,
but the teahouse received an anonymous donation every month,
until 3 months ago the money stopped coming in
for some unknown reason.
The truth is that it is quite an interesting story.
3 months ago?
And how did you find out, Inspector Shiratori?
The "inspectorcrat" told you, didn't he?
No, he didn't.
Believe it or not, I'm pretty well known in the Gion district.
"He-he-he-he. You wish!"
Besides, they say he's my direct rival,
but I don't think it's funny
to be compared to a guy who brings a squirrel to a....
A squirrel? Yes.
He carries it in his pocket.
But when he went to the crime scene, he had left it at home.
-A squirrel...? - (cell phone)
Yes, Shiratori.
I'm in Megure!
We've discovered a new possibility
as to whether in Yoshitune or Benkei.
Add-ons?
If you look at it that way, the mystery is solved.
We have come to the conclusion that it is most likely one of the two,
either in Yoshitsune or Benkei, is already dead.
Of course!
I got it!
(Ayanokoji) Mr. Mouri,
Is it true that you have discovered
the identity of the assassin who killed Mr. Sakura?
Yes.
I'll tell you right now.
The murderer is you, Chikasuzu!
Who's gone crazy?!
This has no head or tail!
Do you trust him? Let's listen to him until the end.
(Kogoro: throat clears)
The motive is revenge on the man who killed your father.
I also know that your father was in Yoshitsune,
the boss of the robbery gang.
3 months ago, one of the men in Yoshitsune betrayed and murdered him.
That's why the teahouse stopped receiving money.
It could be.
You are not going to act alone, but with an accomplice, in Benkei.
Benkei?
Do you want to know who he was, your accomplice?
"Inspectòcrata"!
It was you!
Chikasuzu, when you went back to the teahouse you had two things hidden.
I mean the murder weapon
and the squirrel that the inspector carries in his pocket!
How cute!
This squirrel is the key to the whole mystery.
The Chikasuzu made it look like he was going to the toilet while we were on a spree
"...and killed Mr. Sakura in the storeroom."
"Then, he tied the dagger to the squirrel,
"which must have been hidden in the closet,
"and fired it out of the basement window."
"The critter dived into the Misogi River and fled downstream."
The inspector, who was waiting for it a piece further downstream,
picked it up and then chased in Heiji
and tried to kill it with the same dagger.
Of course!
He should have heard the noise the squirrel made when it jumped into the river!
The other murders were also committed by the two of them together.
Inspector, do you practice archery?
I don't have enough patience for such complicated things!
Are you serious?
But you do, don't you, Chikasuzu?
I understand that archers often hurt themselves
on the top of the thumb from the rubbing of the arrows.
It's true, I got this injury on my finger when I was practicing archery,
but...
...I'm just a beginner,
I would never shoot at someone, let alone hit the target!
I agree with her.
The wound on her hand shows that she is a beginner,
I was told this by a friend of mine who is a member of the archery club.
Besides, why did they give out the victim's personal belongings?
-Mr. Mouri,

Do you really think you are to blame for these dreadful murders?
-Yes, that's why... What nonsense!
The geisha apprentices already have enough work singing,
dancing and distracting their clients,
they have no free time to devote to killing people!
Escolti.
What flights?!
Do you mean that the squirrel does not have a body too small
to drag that dagger that must weigh quite a bit?
Enough!
I will prove to you that the crime could have been committed this way!
Let's go!
Get a move on, you little bug!
You can't deny that you're a persevering man.
You're playing clueless to hide your share of guilt, aren't you?
Stop it!
This poor animal is having a hard time!
-You're mistreating an animal! -No!
Let go of me, you brats!
-People, save the squirrel! Yes!
Kudo.
Yes.
I've discovered the killer thanks to Mr. Kogoro's theory.
So did I.
A person who doesn't practice archery
would never utter a word like that.
All we need is the evidence and...
...where the stolen statue is.
They've put you in a trance, haven't they, esquirolet?
Let's give him some food!
I've got some acorns.
They're here.
This reminds me of the song "An acorn rolled"!
An acorn rolled?
What if...?
Why did you run away, Kudo?
It occurred to me that maybe the mysterious drawing
refers to the street names of Kyoto!
What do you say?!
We'll start with the east-west streets.
The fifth rung of the ladder would be Gojo Street,
because it means "fifth street".
The fourth step would correspond to Shijo Street, "fourth street".
And between the third and second rung,
that is, between Sanjo and Nijo streets, there would be Oike Street.
And as proof we have...
An acorn that has rolled?
Now, the streets running from north to south.
The song of the violet is called "Spring Stream".
Stream is "Ogawa" in Japanese, like the street.
This sprite is called "Karasu Tengu", and corresponds to Karasuma Street.
The ideograms of Mt. Fuji can also be read "Tomi".
It is Tominokoji Street.
And what is the one for the rooster?
Eels are used to cook "Yanagawa" stew,
therefore it is the Yanaginobamba street.
And the rooster... it must be Nishinotoin Street!
The rooster is facing west.
(Heiji) It's very complicated!
Then, which one would it be?
Let's see...
There's a kind of cicadas called "aburazemi".
It's Aburanokoji Street.
If the goblin is Karasuma Street...
The food of the orange fish is called "fu",
it must go to Fuyacho street.
Mt. Fuji and violet are the same color,
as well as the rooster and the eel and the langoustine and the orange minnow.
If we also put the two green goblins together....
King?
It is the ideogram for "king"!
The comma!
It is the ideogram of tama, which means "ball".
But "tama" is also read "gyoku", which means "jewel".
And that place is...
Bukka Temple?
What a thrill!
I feel like we just found a treasure!
Not feeling well?
I'm... a little dizzy.
Thank you. Thank you.
How's it going?
Are you feeling better?
I feel... I feel better already.
Hattori.
The temple where he snuck you in 8 years ago was the temple of Sanno, right?
How did you guess?!
It's easy, it occurred to me...
when I saw you gazing at the cherry tree at the entrance.
Next to the tree
is the barred window where you climb.
Yes, yes, you're right.
I found this little ball of glass under the cherry tree.
I don't want to be a spoilsport,
but you should know that this glass bead
was not lost by the little girl you liked so much.
What do you say, now!
It's a precious stone... it's called "byakugo",
and it was embedded in the forehead of the statue stolen from the temple.
No shit!
You mean the typical white jewel
that represents a lock of Buddha's hair?
Yes.
Buddha statues usually have a little white crystal ball on their foreheads,
and theater masks, too.
Listen to my deduction.
Eight years ago, the Genji Botaru gang of thieves...
"Entered the main hall of the temple of Sanno
"and stole the Buddha statue, their most precious treasure."
"But while they were taking it away,

"The little crystal ball came off the front of the statue."
The head of the gang, in Yoshitsune, noticed it later....
And forced his men to return to the temple to retrieve the jewel.
"So..."
"I want to eat bean paste!"
"I want jelly with fruits!"
The head could not sell the statue
and kept it in Mr. Sakura's antique store.
After eight years, they discovered by chance...
that you are the boy who took the jewel that day.
For the magazine!
At that time,
something must have happened within the gang of thieves.
Probably, the boss caught a very serious illness.
When he realized that he was about to die,
he decided to hide somewhere else
the statue they had stolen from the temple of Sanno.
"He distributed among his men an enigmatic drawing.
"That they should solve to find the new hiding place,
"And he wrote that the person who managed to decipher the drawing...
"would become the new leader of the group."
Then he died.
His men broke their horns
trying to decipher the enigma, but they didn't succeed.
Then...
One of the gang members, Mr. Sakura,
made a deal with the killer.
"Mr. Sakura knew that his partner had mastered swordsmanship,
"and asked him to kill all the other members of the group."
In addition, they agreed that between the two of them they would look for the statue and the jewel,
they would sell the statue and split the money.
Yes.
I imagine
that, since Mr. Sakura was the only antique dealer in the band,
only he knew what he had to do to sell the statue.
Maybe that's why he thought no one would dare threaten him.
The assassin made it appear that he accepted Mr. Sakura's conditions,
but from the first moment he had the intention...
to kill his companions and keep the money for himself.
But before that he had to decipher the enigmatic drawing
that the gang leader had given them.
What he did then was...
...to commission the famous Kogoro Mouri to solve the mystery.
The temple of Bukka is this one.
Are you sure, that the Buddha statue is hidden in this temple?
You're right, I think we've made a mistake.
Oh!
Kudo!
Where are you going now?
Wait for me, Kudo!
What else have you found out?
I've got it!
The Gyokuryu temple?
The comma in the drawing pointed to this?
Yes. (Mobile)
(Mobile)
It's the Kazuha.
Say.
(Man) "I have your friend."
"Come to the Gyokuryu temple on Mt. Kurama, here for an hour, alone."
"If you call the police, your friend will die."
(Kazuha) "Heiji, don't come! He'll kill you!"
Kazuha!
Kazuha!
(Heiji) What's wrong?
It's the Kazuha.
They've kidnapped the Kazuha!
What?!
I've been told to go to the Gyokuryu temple on Mt. Kurama
here for an hour.
Gyokuryu Temple?!
It's the ideal place!
Right now we'll both go and...
Hattori!
(Mobile)
Tell me?
What?!
Instructions from the head.
Keep the spare sword in the Benkei drawer
and the bow and arrows, the Rokkaku drawer.
Okay, what was the Benkei drawer?
Starting from the top...
What should the Benkei and Rokkaku boxes be?
The Bukka temple?
I thought I heard them talking.
Oh!
Wow, I don't know where they stop, that pair.
Besides, the Kazuha won't pick up my cell phone either.
Gyokuryu Temple?
-I'm hungry! -Getting home soon.
Excuse me!
I'd like to know where this temple is, Gyokuryu Temple.
It's in the forest, in Mount Kurama,
but if memory serves me correctly,
I'd say it's been abandoned for a long time.
Thank you.
You are welcome.
Mount Kurama?
He's late.
He won't come because he knows he's been set up.
Maybe he did.
Or maybe he's scared shitless at the last moment.
Heiji!
Listen to me!
Woe to you if you touch the Kazuha!
Calm down, Heiji, I'm fine!
This is what you wanted me to take, isn't it?
Yesterday I attacked you in the middle of this forest
to try to retrieve this jewel.
But it backfired on you.
Next, you're going to assassinate Mr. Sakura...
at the teahouse in the Ponto district...
to keep the profits for yourself.
Why not choose the Gion or Miyagawa district,

but precisely that of Pontus?
It is because the river passes very close to that tea house!
-The river?
(Heiji) "You're going to kill Mr. Sakura,
"who was looking for the stolen statue,
"You put the murder weapon in a plastic bottle...
"And a locator of the kind that security companies use
"To find lost children or to prevent robberies.
"And you're going to throw the bottle in the river."
So, you're going to connect to the security company's website
from your cell phone,
you're going to check the status of the locator
and retrieve the bottle.
"Later, you followed me while we were returning to Osaka with the motorcycle,
"And you tried to kill me with the same gun."
"The Kazuha messed up your plans and you failed to kill me,
"But you left the dagger behind expressly...
"Because we didn't consider you a suspect and thought that the culprit...
"Was someone who had escaped from the teahouse
"And had taken the dagger with him."
Isn't that right, Taiga Saijo?
Or maybe I should tell you Benkei Musashibo?
I would expect nothing less from Heiji Hattori,
the great teenage detective of the Kansai region.
How did you know it was me?
Because you tried to hide the fact that you mastered archery.
But when you sat down on your knees on the ground,
"You did it with your right foot a little behind."
"Doing it half a step backwards when sitting down.
"It's a habit archers sometimes have."
Also, when I asked him....
who among you practiced archery,
you missed the word "yamakura."
I could have sworn that the yamakura of....
You didn't mean the Yamakura lady of the teahouse,
but the "bow cushion",
which is the part on top of the thumb of the left hand
where the arrow rests when you prepare to shoot.
This, you meant, didn't you?
He meant that the Chikasuzu had a thumb wound,
in the area of the yamakura.
Only a professional archer knows the meaning of this word.
In Ryuen, on the other hand, he is a beginner,
because he has referred to the bowstring using the word "string".
I used to go to kendo school with en Ryuen and the other fellows.
It was there that I discovered
that in Kyoto there was a very ancient style of fencing
which was called "Gikei"...
I learned only to practice the Gikei style.
Two years ago, I left the kendo school...
and proclaimed myself the successor of the Gikei style.
In Benkei I practiced the Gikei style.
I had always liked the figure of Yoshitsune
the figure of Yoshitsune than that of Benkei.
I wanted to be in Yoshitsune!
However, in Yoshitsune I was the head,
and I was given the name Benkei
because I occupied a good position
within the hierarchy of the Genji Botaru clan.
I knew that you wanted to sell the statue of Buddha
to keep all the money for yourself!
-That's right!
But it's not out of greed.
I want to build a Gikei-style kendo school in the city.
Our boss was the high priest of this temple,
and it continued to be occupied when it was abandoned.
He gave me permission to use the temple as a kendo school.
But the boss of the gang died 3 months ago,
and now they want to tear down the temple.
I won't be able to use it as a kendo school anymore!
I would like to ask you something.
You've only used in Ryuen, right?
That's right.
We talked about the Buddha statue before.
"When I went to take the letter to Sanno temple,
"He came to talk to me as I expected."
"It was I who advised him to ask for help from en Mouri."
I killed in Sakura because I had already found another person
interested in buying the statue from me
and I didn't need it anymore.
Fortunately, nowadays we have a very practical resource called the Internet.
called the Internet.
All right, that's enough talk!
Give me at once this refined jewel!
Okay, but in exchange I'll give you the Kazuha!
Yes, sure.
But only if you tell me the hiding place of the Buddha statue.
What?
Speak up!
Where is the statue?
It's inside this temple!
Bullshit!
Sometimes it's hard to see what's right under your nose.
It's a lie!
I have thoroughly searched this temple, and I know for a fact that it is not here!
Yes, it is!
Kazuha, run!
Heiji!
They're my dear disciples.
Stay out of this!
Heiji!
Stop it!
This boy is not Heiji!
Who... who are you?

Answer me!
Who are you?
Shinichi Kudo.
Detective.
How! (Agasa) What do you say, now!
(Agasa) What are you saying, now!
Did you give him that pill?
In Kudo called me
and asked me if I knew the way
to temporarily become Shinichi Kudo again.
"But I no longer have the prototype of the Apotoxin 4869 antidote."
"Besides, the Baikal,
"that medicine that cures colds...
"And which restored his normal appearance,
"no longer works because his body has created antibodies."
"Then I had an idea..."
"I made him take the pills
"Which cause the same symptoms as a bad cold.
"Then I gave him the Baikal."
I told him that maybe with it he could recover his body,
at least temporarily.
Y... What happened?
As I imagined, the experiment worked...
In Kudo, he has regained his adolescent appearance.
But as he has the symptoms of a cold,
he's very weak and I couldn't be sure he would survive.
And Heiji, how is he?
Well... she has to take absolute rest
until she is thoroughly examined tomorrow morning.
In fact, I have been asked to keep an eye on him in case.... Oh!
Oh, shit! You tricked me!
You tricked me!
"I've managed to manage something so that the Kazuha can escape,
"But the muscles in my body don't respond the way I want them to!"
"Oysters! The Baikal effect is wearing off!"
(Heiji) As a detective I have to admit that you're brilliant, but....
as a samurai......you're a real loser.
Hattori! Heiji!
Sorry for the delay, Kazuha.
Is that all you have to say to me?
You idiot!
Where have you been until now?
Hey, Kudo!
How dare you wear my clothes?
Besides, you've smeared your face with some concoction,
but I don't have skin as dark as this.
(Thinking) "Really?"
So much so!
I'll take care of these people, you get the hell out of here.
Hide somewhere until it's shrunk back down.
When you're small again, come back here!
Everybody freeze!
It's me, your rival!
Kazuha!
Don't tell anyone that Kudo was here!
Not even your friend!
Can't I explain it to the Ran?
Why can't I?
Because you can't!
They won't be able to see each other either, so... it's better that she doesn't know.
I won't let you leave here alive!
This sword was no good!
Follow the same ones!
- (man) Who has found them? - (man) Not yet!
-Keep looking!
(man) What's wrong?
Don't shout!
Be quiet.
Shinichi!
You've made the same face... as that day.
What's wrong?
What happened to you?
You're soaked with sweat!
And who were those masked men who just passed by?
(Man) Where have they gone?
- (Man) There's nothing to do, we're going back!
(Thinking) "Sorry, Ran... Although we can't meet..."
Ah!
Aaaaaaaah!
(Man) They've locked the door, we can't open the door!
(Saijo) I want a solution!
(Saijo) I want a solution!
The smell of this tatami sounds familiar!
It's the room where I've been locked in before.
Bring an axe!
(Saijo) Quick!
Shit!
Sooner or later, burst the door and we'll get caught.
We need something to use as a weapon.
What's this?
A giant cabinet with a stack of drawers?
"Keep the spare sword in the Benkei drawer.
"And the bow and arrows, the Rokkaku drawer."
Heiji, there's a spare sword in the Benkei drawer!
-What?
Is it one of those drawers? -Yes.
But there are a lot of drawers here!
How will we know which one is the Benkei drawer?
(Hacks)
This reminds me of something...
The separations between crates represent the streets of Kyoto!
I've got it!
This is Karasuma Street and this is Takoyakushi Street!
Wait a minute!
So, the names of the boxes must correspond to place names.
Places?
Of course!
The Rokkaku box is Rokkaku Street.
And the Benkei box must be... the Benkei stone!
If we follow Sanjo Street in an easterly direction,
we turn to Fuyacho and then...
How did the song go?
Maru, Take, Ebisu... Maru, Take, Ebisu and...
No!
I don't remember how it continued!
Maru, Take, Ebisu and Oshioike.
Yomesan, Rokkaku, Tako, Nishiki.
Heiji, Sanjo is two streets before Tako!
Okay.

Two streets above Tako...
The street that goes from east to west is Teragokofuyatomi.
Fuyacho Street is the third one!
Here!
Get ready!
A double-edged sword with a unique and unmistakable pattern.
It is the Yoto Muramasa!
It's the most suitable sword
to slay a monster possessed by the spirit of Yoshitsune!
Stand aside!
What should I do?!
Follow immediately!
- (all () Yes!
Listen to me well!
I'll distract them.
In the meantime, take the opportunity to escape!
No way!
I'll stay here with you.
Do as I say!
Oh!
Heiji...!
They're here!
Hurry up and go!
-You guys catch the girl! - (men) Yes!
Conan! Kazuha, are you all right?
Where's Heiji?
Where?
Over there!
Hattori...
"Shit! I wanted to call the police, but I didn't have cell phone reception!"
"I got it!"
You guys!
Put out the fire right now!
"Good! I hope someone sees the flames."
(Kogoro) Ran!
Hey, Ran!
Have you woken up yet?
(Kogoro) Father!
Where's Shinichi?
(Kogoro) What?
You're still half asleep.
What do you want me to be, that fool?
By the way, why did you put yourself to sleep right here?
And what are you doing here, father?
We were told that the Genji Botaru had kidnapped the Kazuha.
Mr. Mouri!
The moment of truth has come, Hattori!
Whatever you say!
I won't be stumbled twice with the same stone.
We'll see about that!
What about this?
-A short sword! -It's not a simple short sword.
I have anointed it with a very potent deadly poison that has immediate effects.
Oh!
Is that so?
If it grazes your skin, no matter how little it touches you, you'll die!
This man is a bastard!
Geez, he's in trouble at Heiji!
There's no escape for you now.
3 archers are aiming at you from the ground.
We must do something!
-Conan! -Atura't!
Hey, I'm here!
He's got it!
Go ahead, Hattori! Heiji!
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaah!
Aaaaaaaah!
Benkei, you wanted to become Yoshitune.
If you had been Benkei,
you would have let Yoshitune die at Ataka's checkpoint.
(Man) The master has died!
(Man) Hey!
Capture everyone!
We're out, Conan! Yes!
But before you disrespected Heiji,
you called him "Hattori".
Sorry, I didn't mean it.
Heiji!
-Heiji! -Hello!
This temple...
Now all the mysteries are solved.
(Agasa) Oh...
In the end it turned out that the effect of the medicine was only temporary.
-Yes, but thanks to that I now have very important information.
-Are you all right, Heiji? -More or less.
By the way, where is the Buddha statue?
Ahem...
Hattori, Shinichi... Oh.
What's wrong?
No, it's nothing.
Forget about it.
(Thinking) "I guess it was just a dream."
I'm really sorry...
not being able to discover the statue's hiding place.
It's all right.
Fate still doesn't want us to find the statue of divinity.
Don't worry about anything.
-Thank you all.
Have a good trip.
Goodbye!
The truth is that I don't know what we're going to do...
It's only an hour before the temple doors open to the public.
-What are we going to do!
We'll have to show the temple as it is.
Oh!
But... but it's the main statue!
It's back in the temple!
Oh!
It's here, Kudo! I told you so.
(Heiji) I didn't realize
that the temple had the same shape as the "ball" ideogram.
The comma represented the bell tower.
Even I didn't realize that.
If you add a canopy on the "ball" ideogram,
you turn it into "treasure".
The little roof represents the roof of the bell tower.
You are absolutely right!
Now it's back to the way it was before.
Yes.
Those two were a fantastic couple...
Exactly as they were in Yoshitsune and Benkei.
What do you mean?
You mean young Hattori and Detective Mouri?
-Although you still have a lot to learn, young man.
(laughs)
What do you mean?
He has.
Now it's your turn, Ayumi.
How nice!
It's so cute!
Can I take him away, please?
You can't.
This squirrel is my best friend.
That's because he has very few human friends, Mr. Inspector.
I have to apologize to you from the bottom of my heart

for suspecting you.
That's all right.
The truth is that I found out who my father was
and I told him myself
that he didn't need to keep sending me money.
-He... your father? -And who is he?
It's a secret.
(At the same time) It's the damn monk!
Maru, Take, Ebisu and Oshioike...
Yomesan, Rokkaku...
It's not "Yomesan", but "Anesan"!
Where did you learn this song?
At the house of some relatives who live in Kyoto.
It must have been when I was in third grade.
They taught it to me one day when we went to play at their house.
-You and me? -Don't tell me you don't remember!
I do, man!
You got tired of waiting for me while I got ready to go out,
you decided you were going to play at Sanno's temple and you left.
I remember that day they dressed me up in a very nice kimono,
my hair was tied up and I was given a little make-up.
Then I went to look for you at Sanno Temple,
but when I couldn't find you,
I played ball for a while and then I left.
I really wanted you to see me under the cherry blossoms.
I looked pretty like a princess that day!
(Girl's voice) Maru, Take, Ebisu and Oshioike....
Yomesan, Rokkaku, Tako, Nishiki...
We've finally met.
Eh?
Found each other?
You finally found your first love, Heiji?
Who is she?
That geisha?
I'll never ever tell you, chard!
But if nothing happens, why don't you tell me?
If you insist, maybe I'll tell you in 50 years.
Why do you make me wait so long? -T'aguantes!
Ah!
Conan!
What are you doing?
You're soaked with sweat!
Shi... Shinichi!
Ran, come to think of it,
I talked to Shinichi on the phone earlier.
He told me that he was pretending to be Heiji to rescue the Kazuha.
Oi? Eh...
Ah, yes... I don't know what was wrong with him, but he was really hurt, poor guy.
In fact, he ran away in the middle of the fight.
But you made me promise not to tell anyone!
(Thinking) "Wow! I knew it!"
"I knew it was really Shinichi!"
"We finally got to see each other...!"
("Time after time", Kuraki Mai)

Moshi mo kimi ni meguriaetara,
nido to kimi no tiene o hanasanai.
Haru no owari o tsugeru hana Midou,
kasumu hana Hitohiro.
Yomigaeru omoide no uta,
Kono Mune ni ima mo yashiku...
Time after time!
Kimi to deatta Kiseki,
yuruyakana kaze fuku machi de,
sotto té o tsunagi aruita sakamichi.
Ima mo wasurenai yakusoku...
Kaze ni kimi no koe ga kikoeru,
usurai sae Kaeru tooi Kioku.
Kizutsuku Kowasa oshirazu chikatta,
Itsuki mata Kono basho de.
Meguriaou usu beniiro no,
kisetsu ga kuru hay ni egao de...
Time after time!
Hitori hana mau machi de,
chirazaru toki wa modorannai KEDO,
ano hay tono onaji kawaranai keshiki ni,
Namida hirari matte ita yo...
Kaze mau hanabira ga... Minamo o naderu you ni...
Taitetsu ni omou hodós setsunaku...
Hito wa mina kodoku tone and one keredo...,
sagasazu ni wa irarenai dare ka o.
Hakanaku Kowa yasui mono Bakari,
oimotomete shimau...
Time after time!
Kimi to irozuku machi de,
daetara mueve yakusoku wa iranai,
dare yorimo Zutter kizutsuki yasui kimi no...
Soba ni itai kondo wa Kitto!

(Girl) I want an ice cream!
(Woman) It's 300 yen, please.
(Sighs)
In the end, I'm the only one who couldn't see the person I wanted to.
I'm convinced that very soon you will be able to see Makoto!
Maybe so, but I don't have enough patience to wait for the others.
It happens to you too, doesn't it?
And now!
On the contrary, I don't mind waiting for someone.
Because the longer I've been waiting for her,
the happier I am to see him...
You made the same face... as you did that day...
...when we met.
Oh!
What a rage!
I wish I could have felt what you just said in Kudo!

