Kurokawa Residence
Professor Kurokawa was hit from behind
Daizô Kurokawa (62 years old) Director of Kurokawa Hospital
while he was drinking alcohol and working on his computer.
The murder weapon is most probably this bronze statue next to him.
However, here is what I don't understand...
It looks like a posthumous message... but what do these letters J-U-N represent?
They stand for nothing less than the murderer!
What do you mean, the murderer?
And this murderer is among these 3 people!
Ha! For once he is right!
Mina Kurokawa (32 years old) Daizo's second wife
His wife, Mrs. Mina Kurokawa;
Daisuke Kurokawa (36 years old) Elder son - Doctor
His eldest son, Daisuke ;
And finally, the housekeeper, Mrs. Manami Nakazawa.
Manami Nakazawa (27 years old) Cleaning lady
It is one of them!
Good work, Mouri!
But who is it?
The murderer of Daizo Kurokawa is...
you!
What, his wife?
The letters J-U-N typed by Mr. Kurokawa
correspond to the month of June in English.
It is also called "Minazuki", or "the month without water" in Japanese...
JUNE (June)
Minazuki (Month without water)
so it refers to you, Mina!
Mina
Also, you...
What does it matter that I was born in June?
Where do you get that Minazuki = Mina?
So I'm guilty because of a stupid pun?
Well, it's a simple logical deduction...
But would a dying person be so indirect?
If it were me, I would write the name of the culprit directly...
Not you too, Inspector...
I guess he really did his best...
Well, no choice!
So the role of a detective is to declare an innocent man guilty?
As usual, I'll have to put Uncle Mouri to sleep with my projectile watch...
Ouch, it stings... It's time!
Oh, that's what I've been waiting for!
Yes, accusing you, Mina, was actually just a joke.
A joke?
Inspector Megure, take a good look at the body.
Professor Kurokawa only has blood on the little finger of his right hand.
Yes, there is.
And where is the blood on the keyboard?
On the keys "ke, mu" and "ro", as well as on the upper case key of the Roman alphabet.
"Ke", "mu" and "ro" when he pressed the J-U-N keys with his index finger.
The victim's little finger left blood on the keys
But he would not have used
the little finger of his right hand to press a key on the left, right?
So where did the blood on the left key come from?
It is indeed very likely that Mr. Kurokawa, hit from behind,
placed his right hand on his head, hence the blood on his little finger.
When he turned around,
he was hit a second time, and when he fell down,
he took the keyboard with him, leaving blood on it.
In other words, he did not voluntarily press the shift key,
which changes the alphabet, but touched it unintentionally as he fell.
And then, once the culprit was gone,
gathering his last strength,
Mr. Kurokawa pressed the keys now in front of him...
thinking to use the Japanese alphabet.
This means that the keys J-U-N correspond in Japanese...
to "ma", "na" and "mi".
Yes, the cleaning lady, Mrs. Manami Nakazawa...
is you!
You're joking again, Mr. Detective!
Because you have no proof.
On the contrary!
While committing the crime, didn't you take off your slippers?
Because you couldn't have approached Mr. Kurokawa
without making noise on the floor if you had worn them.
And, without realizing it...
you stepped on the blood on the floor.
You can see this from one of the stains on
on Exhibit A, which was smeared.
So you must have blood under your white socks!
When the police questioned you
you said that you never went near the body.
May we examine the bloodstains on the bottom of your socks?
One year ago... Kurokawa... killed my husband.
Don't tell me you are...

the wife of the patient my father operated on?
Yes, you are!
I am the wife of the patient who was operated on by Kurokawa while he was drunk!
I can't believe that nobody recognized me, just with a different hairstyle and name...
This proves that this incident was of no value to you.
I tried to testify against Kurokawa,
but no one at the hospital would help me...
They were all afraid of him!
So you decided to avenge your husband?
Today is the anniversary of his death...
I don't regret anything!
I had to avenge him!
Let's go...
He's going to take all the credit again, I guess...
DETECTIVE CONAN THE DELAYED SKYSCRAPER
My name is Shinichi Kudo, a high school detective.
One day, at an amusement park with my childhood friend, Ran Mouri,
I witnessed the suspicious traffic of a man in black.
Totally absorbed in the transaction,
I didn't hear his accomplice approaching from behind me.
He made me swallow a drug, and when I woke up...
My body had become younger!
If they found out that Shinichi Kudo was still alive,
my life and the lives of my relatives would be in danger.
On Professor Agasa's advice, I decided to hide my identity
and when Ran asked me my name, I invented Conan Edogawa.
Ranpo Edogawa / Conan Doyle
In order to find out who these thugs are,
I arranged to live with Ran, whose father is a detective.
However, since he turns out to be a poor detective,
and I couldn't stand to do nothing,
I decided to help him, and have since solved case after case.
Thanks to my talent, his reputation as a detective has spread beyond the borders,
And I, on the other hand, went back to elementary school...
I'm now a member of the Junior Detectives group
with my friends Ayumi, Genta and Mitsuhiko.
The Junior Detectives
And here are the gadgets that Professor Agasa created especially for me.
First, my hypodermic projectile watch.
You raise the sighting device...
and a button fires a tranquilizer dart.
It allows me to put my target to sleep instantly.
Next, the voice modulator bowtie!
By turning the dial on the back,
I can imitate all kinds of voices, children or adults.
I have other secret weapons!
The hyper-strengthening shoes!
An electromagnetic discharge stimulates the muscles of my feet,
increasing my physical strength to the extreme!
To chase criminals, I have my turboshaft skateboard.
However, since it is solar powered,
I can only use it when it's light out.
Oops, I almost forgot...
The Junior Detective badge,
which has a built-in transceiver, is also a gem!
I have lots of other gadgets...
But my best weapon is here.
Even as a kid, I still have my wits about me, and there's no mystery I can't solve!
There is always only one truth!
Professor Agasa's house Saturday 26th April
Mr. Yûsaku Kudo, Mister Yûsaku Kudo...
Conan Edogawa (Shinichi Kudo)
They are all for my father...
Only fan mail, no doubt.
Oh, I heard that his book series "The Black Baron" became a bestseller in the United States.
has become a bestseller in the United States.
Oh yes, but he's in Switzerland at the moment.
Since he travels all the time everywhere,
it's really not practical to send him fan mail.
It's the least you can do, since he lets you live as you please...
Yeah, I know...
By the way, what are you making there?
One of my new gadgets?
No, unfortunately.
Men invented airplanes by watching birds...
But until now, no one has been able to understand the flight mechanism of insects.
If I am the first to understand, I could use it to create new toys.
That would pique the curiosity of every child in the world, wouldn't it?
And then I'll start making lots of money
and become a millionaire!

It will never happen... He's been telling me the same thing for so long!
Anyway...
There is no letter for me, maybe people have forgotten me...
It's for me!
Teiji Moriya?
The famous Teiji Moriya?
"I apologize for the suddenness of my letter."
"Since I heard about your talent as a high school detective,
from newspapers and television,
I would like to have the chance to meet you at least once and talk with you."
Hiroshi Agasa (52) Inventor
"I organize a garden party
for an afternoon tea in my humble residence,
on Tuesday, April 29, starting at 3:30 p.m,
and would be honored to have you attend."
What is this? An invitation to a party?
Professor, you know this Teiji Moriya, right?
Of course I do.
He's a professor of architecture at Tohto University, and an eminent Japanese architect!
But what does such a brilliant professor want from me?
Architects are artists, in a sense,
perhaps he is looking for stimulation?
Professor Moriya, like me, is a genius after all...
A genius, indeed...
What, a garden party?
Ran Mouri 10th grader at Teitan High School
Yeah, I can't go because I'm in the middle of an investigation...
Do you want me to go instead?
The card says that friends are welcome,
You can go with your dad, and the kid who stays at your house...
Conan?
Yes, all three of you go!
I already put the invitation in your mailbox.
Oh, my gosh. The one time you call, you ask for a favor...
I'll do it, but on one condition!
A condition?
Come with me to an all-night movie next Saturday.
What?
Come on, it's been a while!
Let's meet at 10 pm in the lobby of the Beika cinema!
Wait a minute!
I can't next Saturday, but later...
No! It has to be May 3!
Say, do you prefer red or blue?
Red or blue? Why do you ask?
Come on, answer!
Well... red, then.
Red? Of course you choose red, I knew it!
Because you're the one who likes red...
Kogoro Mouri Private Investigator
Well, when are we going to eat?
Yes, yes, I'll get started.
Well, it's agreed for May 3rd at 10 pm, don't forget !
Hey, wait!
Oh, man...
If I could go to the movies, I wouldn't ask you to go to the party for me...
Besides... why does it have to be May 3rd?
I wonder what's on May 3...
May 4 is the day
Sherlock Holmes fell with Moriarty into the Reichenbach Falls...
And the 5th is Children's Day...
Hey, Conan!
Are you going home?
Another investigation, Inspector?
Inspector Megure Police - Investigation Section
Yes, as usual...
Ah, this is Mr. Shiratori, who just arrived in our department.
Pleased to meet you.
Officer Shiratori Police Department Investigation Section
The Inspector talks about you a lot.
So, you have a great sense of observation...
Ah, but no, it's just coincidence...
I see... and coincidences often follow one another.
You're telling me !
With all this, we won't even be able to enjoy Golden Week...
See you next time!
The Golden Week?
Oh yes!
May 3rd is Constitution Day...
So what?
His birthday?
Yes, May 4 is Shinichi's birthday!
That's why I invited him to a night session,
so that at midnight, I can give him the red polo shirt I'm going to buy!
But yes, May 4th is my birthday...
I completely forgot about that.
What movie do you want to see?
"Legend of the Red Thread"
"The Red Thread"?
What, you don't know?
According to legend, soul mates are connected from birth
by a red thread attached to their little fingers!
This is a romantic movie based on this story!
Ew, so girly...
Here, look!
In May, red is our lucky color for both of us.

I thought it must be a sign!
It might be a sign, but I can't go anyway...
Wait a minute!
Didn't you say it was a night session?
Yes.
No, no way!
I can't leave two young people like you all night in a dark place like this!
You don't understand, don't be a pervert!
It's just that every year Shinichi forgets his birthday.
So it's me who reminds him!
It's better that he knows when he's getting old.
On the contrary, I'm getting younger...
Yes, but still...
you're still in high school!
Oh yes, Dad, how about going to Teiji Moriya's garden party?
Where did that come from?
Actually, Shinichi was invited, but he can't go...
Are you coming with us, Conan?
Yes, I want to go!
As if I would go instead of Shinichi!
Teiji Moriyama is a famous architect, right?
A historical meeting between a detective and a famous architect!
A detective and an architect who are both famous, huh?
He's really easy to handle!
Moriya Residence Tuesday, April 29
Wait Conan, you have to show the invitation...
Go for it!
Thank you!
It's amazing!
It is indeed a building of Stuart style of the XVIIth British century...
Hey, Dad, you know a lot about architecture!
It's just that, in the old days, they called me "the walking library"...
Look at the two sides of the building.
Look, if you stand in the middle, both sides are totally identical!
Both the garden and the building!
Yes, this is called bilateral symmetry.
Mr. Moriya lived in England until high school,
that's why he specialized in English architecture, and especially...
uh, especially with regard to...
symmetry in classical architecture, where he outshines everyone.
A cheat sheet...
Teiji Moriya
He even replaced the Chinese characters in his name to make them symmetrical!
It's almost sickening...
This is the first time I've seen such a beautiful garden!
Thank you for this compliment.
Teiji Moriya (47) Architect
Pleased to meet you, I am Teiji Moriya.
Ran Mouri.
This is my father and Conan Edogawa.
Shinich...uh, Mr. Kudo couldn't make it and asked us to take his place...
Gee, so Mr. Kudo won't be coming...
But this gentleman is also a famous detective!
Hey oh, what do you mean by "also"?
I'm Kogoro Mouri.
Oh, yes, I've heard of you! Nice to meet you.
Over here, the party is in the back garden.
It's just as beautiful!
Well, it's a celebrity party all right...
A musician and a model, presidents of big companies, critics... you name it.
It's all famous people from television.
Please, make yourself comfortable and enjoy this moment.
How beautiful! Are they all homemade?
Yes, of course they are! It's customary to make everything homemade for a tea party.
Please try one.
I'll try it!
What do you think?
This cookie is delicious!
Ah, I'm so glad! So it was worth spending all that time in the kitchen last night.
Oh Professor, so you cook?
Yes, it's because I'm a bachelor, after all.
I made everything on this table myself, scones, sandwiches and cookies.
I'm the kind of person who is only satisfied with myself.
I see, so it's that attitude that allows you to create such beautiful work!
I only recognize architecture if it is beautiful.
Today's architects have no sense of aesthetics!
They need to be more responsible for their work!
By the way, Mr. Mouri, would you take a quiz?
A quiz?
Absolutely.
It's about guessing the password to the computer of a company run by three men.
But I think a famous detective like you will guess it right away!
Oh, so it's the famous Kogoro Mouri!
- Of course! - I can't wait to see it!
Go ahead.

Oh my, are you okay?
So, here is some information about the three men.
The password is a 4-syllable word, and links these three men together!
Do you want to try it too, Ran?
You've got three minutes.
Think about it together!
Come on, let's go!
There's no connection between their names...
Their birthdays, blood types and even hobbies are different...
This is harder than I thought...
Well, then... What could they possibly have in common?
Well, I give up.
I'll wait for the detective's answer.
Yeah, I'll wait too.
I wonder if he will find...
Oh, wait, they were all born a year apart.
I got it!
The answer is "Momotaro"!
"Momotaro"?
Look at their Chinese zodiac signs!
1956
1957
1958
Year of the Monkey
Year of the Rooster
Year of the Pig
The year of the monkey, the rooster and the dog.
Look, the monkey, the rooster and the dog...
They are all Momotaro's servants!
Good answer, my boy! You're good, aren't you?
Sometimes, a little embarrassment can't hurt him!
As a reward, let me give you a tour of my gallery, Conan.
You can come too, Ran.
Thank you!
Take your time looking around.
Ran, look, it's the same residence...
But yes, this is the Kurokawa residence!
By the way, Mr. Kurokawa was killed, wasn't he?
Yes, he was.
This is one of the first residences I designed.
I created all these works when I was in my 30s.
It's a pretty immature work, there's not much to see.
He even drew a bridge!
By the way, are you close to Mr. Kudo, Ran?
Yes, well...
We're childhood friends and go to the same high school.
I haven't seen him lately, but then again...
But next Sunday is his birthday... well, his birthday,
and we have to go to the movies together!
Oh, you must be looking forward to it.
Have you bought her a present yet?
No, I'll do it on Saturday...
We both love the color red,
and since it's our lucky color this month...
I was thinking of getting her a red polo shirt!
What a great idea! He will probably be very happy with it.
I hope so!
Darn, I forgot to think of a plan for that day...
Oh? Is this the Beika City Building?
Yes, it is.
That's where we'll be going to see our movie.
We're meeting at 10pm on May 3 in the lobby.
We do? It's one of my most beautiful works.
There is no better place for a young couple to celebrate an anniversary!
What to do...
Saturday, May 3
Well, you will order food tonight!
Yes...
Only ten hours left before 10pm... I'm really in trouble!
I'm going to go!
But why am I hiding?
You should have refused long ago!
I had no choice!
Ran's been looking forward to this, I can't say no to him now...
Professor, can't you build a Shinichi robot?
I can't.
Even for a genius like me!
I knew it...
"Two days ago,
a large quantity of octogen-based explosives were stolen from a Toho Chemical warehouse,
A hundred police officers were deployed to investigate the case,
but the culprits have not yet been arrested."
This is a terrible case...
A mixture of octogen and plastic can create a bomb.
"...a fire in the Kurokawa residence, spread to the surrounding houses."
But this is the residence I went to the other day!
Yes, where the murder took place...
- That's a lot of crime these days... - "The police suspect the same person...
as the crimes have striking similarities."
Hello?
Is Shinichi Kudo there?
Yes, just a moment...
Shinichi, it's for you.
How do they know I'm here?
Remember, all the calls made to your house are transferred here...
Oh, right, sorry...
I completely forgot about that, since no one is calling me right now...

His voice is weird, I think he uses a modulator.
Ah? Hello?
Shinichi Kudo?
Yes !
Have you seen the news?
I'm the one who stole the explosives.
What's up?
Give me your cell phone number.
I don't have to give it to someone like you!
So you don't mind losing contact with me?
Okay, here's my number:
Well, take your cell phone and go to Ryokuchi Park near the Teimuzu River.
I'll show you something interesting.
Ryokuchi Park?
Hurry up or your friends will die.
What's that?
Shinichi!
I have to go!
You're not kidding, are you?
If it were, he wouldn't have changed his voice!
Contact Inspector Megure!
Okay, but be careful!
Yes, I know!
Teimuzu River - Ryokuchi Park
Ayumi
Genta
Mitsuhiko
Mitsuhiko, it's my turn!
It's my turn too!
Wait a minute, it's hard to control!
Hey Mitsuhiko, what's with the remote?
Conan!
A man with a mustache gave it to me.
He said it was a bombardier!
A bombardier?
What's hanging under the plane?
A bomb?
Give me that, Mitsuhiko!
No way, I'm next!
There's a bomb under the plane!
Ah, you idiots!
The antenna is broken!
Conan, the plane!
Oh, no!
Go away, all of you!
No, not that way!
Conan, do something!
Damn it!
No !
Come on!
What is it?
What's that explosion?
- A firework? - No, a plane!
An orange flash...
It's a plastic explosive!
What's it for?
Where is Kudo?
Damn it!
I see. He really thinks a kid can do it against me.
"A kid"?
Can he see me now?
All right, listen carefully. At exactly 1:00, another bomb is going to go off.
At 1:00 sharp?
In the square in front of the station.
Kudo isn't there, so it's up to you to find her.
Wait a minute! Wait a minute!
I'm just a kid, I need more details!
Give me a clue!
Hello?
Under a tree.
But it's not buried underneath.
Hurry up, otherwise someone will take it away!
Damn it!
Conan!
Hey Conan, where are you going?
Only 10 minutes left!
Oh no, there's nothing!
Welcome back!
"Under a tree", what does that mean?
What do you mean, someone can take it away?
Please adopt me.
Oh my poor one, you have been abandoned!
Don't worry,
I'll take you with me!
Under a tree... at the foot of a tree we find... chestnuts? CHAT- chestnuts!
Thank you for your visit.
Madam, wait!
Idiot! Didn't you see the fire?
I'm sorry!
Oh no!
Only 5 minutes left !
Damn it !
Only 4 minutes left!
Perfect, there's traffic!
Hey, what's going on?
It's still light out!
Oh yeah, I must have broken it when I dropped it!
Hey kid, I'm borrowing your bike!
Hey, wait!
Did he say "kid"?
I'm older than him!
Damn, they're moving!
Only 3 minutes left!
But I think of it, the road follows a long curve on the left...
Wow, are you okay, kid?
Lady, let me see that!
Only 25 seconds left!
You're not hurt, are you, kid?
No !
Shit, I can't let it explode here, what can I do?
Did it stop?
Okay, okay, okay!
There's a field behind the highway!
He doesn't want it anymore?
He's gone again!
Oh my god!
What was that?
Sonoko Suzuki 10th grader at Teitan High
Okay, I'll take this one!
Flashy, isn't it!
But it's this color!
"The boy who was injured while moving the bomb away from the houses
has been taken to the police hospital for treatment."
Conan, you're awake!
Conan, are you okay?
Where are we?
In the hospital!
Conan! What's going on here?
Come on, man.
Explain this mess to me!
Later, the questions!
Call a doctor!
- Ah, yes! - Calm down!
- All right, all right, all right. - It's all right. It's all right.
It's all right! It's all right!
We didn't detect anything abnormal on the MRI we did earlier.
He can be discharged tomorrow.
Thank you so much!
Take care of yourself.
Take care of yourself!

Now Conan, tell me what happened.
Yes.
I see.
So you rode that bicycle to save the people from the explosion?
Yes. But, detective!
The criminal will contact me on Shinichi's cell phone!
But I can't use it here...
Don't worry about it.
This wing is separate from the main building,
and no electronic medical equipment here will be affected.
So we can use our laptops.
Professor Agasa warned us, that's why we are here.
That's good!
Also, Uncle Mouri, could you take care of the bike I broke?
Instead of thinking about that, why did you take so many risks?
A little more and you'd be gone!
I'm sorry.
And where is Shinichi, anyway?
He's the one he wanted to contact, right?
Shinichi had other things to do, so he asked Conan to take care of it!
What the hell! I'll cut his throat next time!
I really can't say that I am Shinichi, can I?
Inspector, do you know what kind of bomb it was?
Yes, the bombs under the remote control plane and in the cage
were both plastic!
I thought so...
A blue-orange flash is characteristic of a plastic explosive!
They were probably made with the stolen explosives...
The bomb under the plane had to be detonated in case of crash...
and the one in the crate had a timer and was therefore time delayed.
But why did the timer stop 16 seconds before the end?
Oh, about that...
One possible reason is that the timer was defective.
The second is that, for some unknown reason,
the criminal stopped it with a remote control.
Knowing that the criminal contacted Mr. Kudo directly,
we can assume that he challenged him because he knew about his reputation,
or because he has a personal grudge against him.
After some research, it turns out that all the criminals he has solved
of the crimes he solved are still in prison.
In this case, it could be their family, a lover?
In any case, the police are in the middle of an investigation based on the criminal's sketch.
Look Conan, it's a good likeness !
It's well drawn!
We did it all three of us!
Wow, we can recognize his characteristics!
But he doesn't look familiar...
He used a modulator to change his voice.
Maybe I know him after all?
Inspector, among all the cases that Shinichi has solved,
which one has received the most media attention?
It must be the case of the mayor of Nishitama City, right?
A 25-year-old employee who lived in Nishitama
was hit by a car, driven by the mayor's son, and died.
At first, it looked like a simple traffic accident
involving the mayor in the passenger seat,
but Shinichi had doubts.
Shinichi Kudo 2nd year at Teitan High School
Mayor Okamoto (52) Mayor of Nishitama
Kohei Okamoto (21 years old) Son of the mayor
This cigarette butt was found next to the victim at the scene of the accident.
Your son's saliva was found on it.
It's yours, isn't it?
Uh, yes... after I hit her.
I got out of the car right away
and I think I threw it out right then and there, without thinking about it.
I see.
From the length of it, it looks like you put it out quickly.
I did, right after I lit it.
With a lighter?
Yes.
What kind of lighter?
The car's cigarette lighter.
Could you sit behind the wheel and light a cigarette the same way?
You can just pretend.
But please fasten your seat belt.
All right.
Here...
Use these cigarettes.
It's the same brand as the one found at the accident site.
Stop!
That's it! To reach the lighter from here, you can only reach with your left hand.
However, we only found the prints of your right hand on this lighter.
How come, Mr. Okamoto?
I think I actually took my lighter...
No.

You left your lighter where you went before the accident.
Also, your father does not smoke.
So there is no doubt:
you used the lighter from the passenger seat!
Next to your father, who was driving...
All other prints were perfectly matched.
The position of the seat and the mirror were perfect.
It seems you only forgot the lighter, Mr. Mayor.
My son...
Kôhei proposed to exchange our roles, thinking of my position as mayor.
In reality, it was me who was driving!
I'm really sorry!
Father...
Because of this incident, Mr. Okamoto lost his position as mayor.
We also had to re-evaluate the plans he ordered
for a new city layout.
Inspector, you think his son has been holding a grudge ever since...
Well, as I recall, he was studying electronic engineering...
I'll look into it.
Is there anything else you can remember about the perp?
Anything I can use.
Well...
A smell...
A sweet smell!
I smelled it when he gave the plane to Mitsuhiko.
- Did you? I didn't notice anything. - I didn't either.
You mean, a cosmetic smell?
I don't know... but it wasn't like perfume.
A sweet smell?
All right. Let me know if you remember anything.
Got it!
Well, maybe we should head back?
Yeah, now that we know Conan's okay!
If you have any problems, I'll be right there!
Ah, uh, thanks...
Pfft, lucky you...
If only we were hospitalized, too...
You have success with the girls, eh, little charmer...
If you only knew...
Come on, let's go!
- See you later, Conan. - Thank you! Thank you! Thank you!
I wonder where Shinichi could have gone, at such a time...
Wait, Conan, if he is the criminal, pass him to me!
Hello?
My compliments for having found the bomb, bravo.
But no more childish things, I want to talk to Kudo !
Yes indeed, let's talk to the adults now.
Who are you? Where is Kudo ?
Kudo is not here.
I'm the one you want to talk to!
I'm the famous detective Kogoro Mouri.
Very well, then.
I won't repeat myself, so listen carefully.
I have placed five bombs on the Tohto Circle Line.
Five...
bombs?
These bombs will detonate after 4:00 p.m. if the trains travel at less than 40 miles per hour.
And if they are not deactivated before nightfall, they will also explode.
Here's just one clue.
The bombs are located "X the XX" of the Tohto Circle Line.
Replace each X with a syllable.
Good luck to you, famous detective Mouri!
It's only a threat, right?
Bombs on the circle line...
No, he's serious.
The detonator is probably set to go off at 4 p.m...
and if the speed of the trains is less than 60 km/h... it will probably activate the bombs!
I have to contact the main station anyway.
Megure speaking.
- Officer Takagi! - I agree with Detective Megure...
But what is this criminal's goal?
Why is he doing this?
- Whew, that was close! - It's our lucky day!
Tohto Railroad Warehouse
What? Bombs on the circular line?
Control room of the Tohto Railway Company
We received an urgent call from the police station.
Good! Let's stop the trains and search them...
Chief Operator Sakaguchi (52)
Chief Commander Kusunoki (45)
No! We must not stop them.
Apparently the bombs will explode after 4 p.m.
if the trains are running at less than 60 km/h.
What?
But it's already 3:57 pm!
Warn all train drivers on the line immediately
that they must at all costs run at 60 or even 70 km/h!
- And the trains that are in the station? - Let them start immediately!
- And those entering the station? - Let them not stop!
We must make all the trains run until we find all the bombs!
Kusunoki!
Yes, sir!
Alert! Alert!
Bombs have been placed on the trains.

They will explode if you drive less than 60 km/h, so drive at 70 km/h! I repeat!
Bombs hidden in the trains, will explode if you drive less than 60 km/h, so drive at 70 km/h!
Is there something wrong with this train?
What about it, Genta?
We're almost at the Beika stop, but it's picking up speed...
Your attention please.
Exceptionally, this train will not stop at the Beika stop.
What do they mean by "exceptionally"?
The train of the Tohto line scheduled on platform n°1 will exceptionally not stop at this stop.
Really? I understand.
For the moment, no bomb has exploded.
I understand, inspector Megure!
What do you understand?
The X's that the criminal mentioned...
It could be "under the seat" or "on the luggage rack"!
That's where the bombs are !
It can also be "under the cars".
Yes... Well...
I think about it, aren't Ayumi and the others on the train
on the Tohto line to Beika from Midoridai?
I repeat. This train will continue to run without stopping at any station for the time being.
Also, if you see anything suspicious on board,
do not touch it and notify a conductor immediately.
Anything suspicious?
That means "weird"!
I know that, but what are they talking about?
Well, uh...
Ayumi, can you hear me?
Conan, yes I can hear you!
Where are you now?
On the circular line!
Of course I am...
Hey Conan, what's going on?
Don't tell me that what starts with a "B" is hidden somewhere?
Don't worry, it's nothing!
I've already told you!
Bombs can be anywhere, not just on trains!
- Bombs? - I knew it!
Does this mean we're going to die?
No way! I'm going to find those bombs!
Conan...
Damn, we can't just rely on Conan!
It's the junior detectives' turn to do something too!
- The Junior Detectives... - Junior?
Yes, you're right!
Since the bombs seem to be inside...
Come on, Junior Detectives, here we come!
- Yeah! - Hey, no, wait!
Damn, they cut off their badges... I hope they're okay...
Okay, got it.
HQ has a bomb squad in place.
I'm going to the Tohto company control room.
Will you come along?
Yes, sir! I'll go with you.
It is now 4:30 p.m.
As you can see, the trains on the Circle Line
have not stopped for 30 minutes!
The Tohto train company has only declared an emergency situation.
The police can't hide the truth any longer...
I borrowed it from a nurse.
It's easier to look in your room.
I understand that it is possible for bombs to explode if the trains are going less than 60 km/h...
But that the bombs explode at nightfall?
What does that mean?
Why will they explode if there is no sun?
Is there a link with the light on board?
Sorry for the wait.
Have a good tasting!
Your dress suits you very well! This color suits you very well.
Thank you so much!
Red is lucky for Shinichi and me this month!
When I think about it, I almost never see Shinichi...
Why don't I join you?
But... it's a pretty boring movie, and Shinichi isn't interesting either...
But no, I was joking!
Who would have the nerve to disturb you two!
You take everything too seriously, it's too easy to bother you!
Oh, Sonoko...
But I can't believe your father lets you stay out all night.
He didn't really agree, but I ignored him!
I guess he and Conan must be deciding what to order for dinner!
You mean you didn't find anything suspicious in the cars?
Yes. The inspectors searched all 21 cars on the trains running at the time
but all the bags belonged to someone.
And on your side?
We haven't found anything yet,

whether it's on video surveillance or under the trains,
I see.
But where are these bombs?
We have a problem, chief! The passengers are starting to panic!
What is it?
How long will the trains keep running? Stop them!
My child has a stomachache, so please let us off!
What's suspicious at the end? Don't tell me it's a bomb!
A bomb? It's a joke, I'm coming down!
Stop, please, calm down! If you fall, you'll get hurt!
Chief, they are uncontrollable!
Make a little more effort!
Mouri, do you have any idea how to find these bombs?
Only one hour left before nightfall...
But exploding at nightfall...
That's the exact opposite of the skateboard I made for you.
It's powered by solar energy, and doesn't work once the sun goes down...
The day, the sun...
I get it! I got it, Professor!
Megure here.
Inspector, this is Kudo.
Ah Kudo, at last !
Professor Agasa told me everything.
The bombs are not placed under the seats, on the luggage racks or under the train...
but between the rails!
Between the rails?
The bombs are set to explode if they are exposed
more than a few seconds to darkness.
When the trains on the line pass over the bombs,
they are deprived of light for a few seconds.
Each car is 20 meters long, which is 200 meters for 10 cars.
At 60 km/h, the trains travel about 16.7 meters.
So it takes them about 12 seconds to travel 200 meters.
The timer has therefore been programmed not to explode
if it stays under these 12 seconds.
The trains must therefore be diverted immediately to other tracks.
There will be no more risk of explosion if the trains are diverted.
I got it!
Mr. Sakaguchi, you heard me right!
In 3 minutes, divert the No. 11 train on the tracks towards Shibahama station!
Get ready!
Train No. 11, train No. 11, in 3 minutes, you will be diverted.
Shibahama station, confirm and start the shunt!
Move all trains to the stand-by tracks!
No. 11 just passed Kawashina!
No. 11 just passed Shibahama! Shibahama Station
Switching!
Reducing speed!
68 km/h,
66 km/h,
64 km/h,
63 km/h,
62 km/h,
61 km/h,
60 km/h!
59 km/h,
58 km/h!
Everything ok?
Yes, all clear!
Good, keep braking and stop the train at the next stop!
Roger!
We made it!
Let's not celebrate too quickly.
There are still 20 trains left on the line!
Train 9 is clear!
Train 20 is clear!
Only one train left !
Here is the train n°10, 55 km/h ! ALL CLEAR!
- All right! - Whoo-hoo!
We did it! We did it! It's a success!
Great job, really!
Good job to you!
Now it's our turn!
Ah, we can finally get off!
I'll never get on a train running again!
Oh, so much the better!
Say Conan, is it you who found the bombs?
No! It was Shinichi who found them!
Besides, we haven't found the bombs yet.
The bombs can be found under the shadow of a building or a wall, after 4 pm!
Be sure to check the position of the sun while searching,
and be careful not to cover the bombs with your own shadow!
I found a bomb!
And another one!
And another one!
And another!
And the last one!
Very good!
We found all 5 bombs with no problem.
- All right! - Perfect!
Everything was as Kudo had planned...
Only 15 minutes left before the sunset.
It was really close...
But we can't rejoice yet.
The 5 bombs found only represent a quarter of the stolen explosives...
Does this mean that the criminal still has three quarters of them?
Sorry for my delay.
What have you found?
So, Mayor Okamoto's son, Kohei, left early this morning for Izu.
So it's not him...
Yes. What about the bombs?

It's solved.
Thanks to Kudo!
Now we have to find the rest of the explosives and the identity of the criminal...
For the moment, what we know,
is that the criminal probably doesn't live
near the circular line where there were the 5 hidden bombs !
But yes ! He would not live there
where the remains of the trains and other debris would have flown everywhere!
And also just now, when the timer in the cage stopped!
Wouldn't it be for the same reason?
There was a kindergarten and a residence...
But of course! The criminal lives in this residence!
Good! Let's take a closer look!
Anything at all?
Yes, in addition to the residence,
we questioned the inhabitants of the surroundings...
No one suspicious.
I see...
Tell me, Inspector, where were the bombs hidden on the circular line?
Well, they were placed near ordinary residential areas.
Ah, but yes! One of the bombs was placed on a bridge, over the Sumida Canal.
On a bridge?
Isn't that the bridge?
Wait a minute, this picture was in Professor Moriya's gallery...
Say, wasn't this bridge designed by architect Moriya?
Ah? Yes, perhaps!
Yes, it was.
It is a work of Teiji Moriya.
This bridge was completed in 1983 and has received a lot of attention,
since it is made of stone in the English style, not iron.
Mr. Moriya won that year
the Novice Award of the Japanese Architecture Association.
You know a lot about architecture!
I'm an architecture buff...
"As for the succession of crimes, the police..."
Enough of the distractions!
All right!
But I think the Kurokawa residence that caught fire was also designed by Mr. Moriya...
Say, the house that was burned down, who designed it?
If you look for it, you might find something interesting!
Something interesting, huh...
I'll leave you here!
Yes! Thanks for coming out with me!
You can tell me all about it later, eh!
At least try to steal a kiss from her!
21 h...
An hour to wait!
The Legend of the Red Thread
What are you saying? These are all works by Mr. Moriya?
Yes, all the burned down residences,
the Kurokawas, the Mizushimas, the Yasudas and the Akutsus,
were all designed by Mr. Moriya in his 30s.
It can't be a coincidence...
Maybe the real purpose of the bombs on the circular line was actually this bridge!
This bridge?
That's possible!
The arsonist and the criminal could be the same person,
and could be after Mr. Moriya's work...
But yes! I understand, inspector!
The criminal is someone who is jealous of Mr. Moriya, or envies his success!
The challenge to Shinichi was just a diversion!
Indeed, it is very likely.
I also agree.
A handmade detonator was used for all the fires!
This makes one thing common to all bombs!
All the targets are works of art made in his 30's...
Well, let's see what Mr. Moriya thinks!
Mouri, I let you guide us!
Uh, where does he live again?
Uncle! I remember!
I'll guide you!
But you have to stay here!
It's okay, I'm fine! Come on, quickly!
Hey, Conan!
I'm counting on you, Shinichi...
Mr. Mouri, this is the place where the timer stopped for a moment earlier.
The kindergarten...
Really! Those bombs cost us a lot of time!
I see. Indeed, it can't be a coincidence.
Do you have any idea who might want to do this?
Um, well...
I was 10 years old in this picture, Conan!
I'm with my father and mother.
Your father is a very elegant man, isn't he?
He was a world-renowned architect!
He worked mostly in England. I loved his architectural work!
He passed away, I think...

15 years ago, our family house caught fire...
He was there with my mother. This house that I inherited was part of their estate.
It was about that time, wasn't it, that your work started to be very noticed...
Ah? Uh, yes...
Huh? This smell?
No...
Mr. Moriya, do you have any idea who the criminal is?
Ah, uh, right...
The works of his 30s start here.
The residences of the Kurokawa, Mizushima, Yasuda, Akutsu...
And the bridge...
But, this bridge!
No doubt about it!
It's a rather immature work, there's not much to see.
Don't tell me that...
I don't believe it!
But, that smell...
Was it there when we came the other day?
"My new dream city of Nishitama"?
But I'm thinking about it!
Because of that incident, Mr. Okamoto lost his job as mayor.
We also had to re-evaluate the plans he commissioned
for a new city layout.
I see! So those plans were designed by Mr. Moriya!
A perfectly symmetrical new city...
It's the same as the one for the kindergarten!
That's why he stopped...
No doubt, he is the culprit!
But I have no proof.
I will use the means at hand, hoping that it works...
Ah, that's good!
More than scissors, tape and a watercolor pen...
A lighter ?
I see... So you don't know...
I'm really sorry I can't help you.
Well, if you notice anything, please contact us.
Where's Conan?
I beg your pardon...
This is Megure.
Oh! Kudo!
Yes, fine, I'll take them all to the gallery.
Mr. Moriya, I'm sorry, but could you show us your gallery?
Yes, of course.
May I go to my office first?
Yes, of course.
Thank you. It's right this way.
The gallery is upstairs.
Please come in.
This is Megure.
Yes, we are in the gallery.
Inspector, put the speaker on so that everyone can hear.
Very good, sir.
Actually, I've figured out who the arsonist was as well as the bomber.
You did? Who the hell is that?
Wait, I understood too!
The culprit is you, Detective Shiratori!
What is it?
You admired Mr. Moriya's father, and began to have doubts about his death.
It was after his death that Mr. Moriya
became successful, so you began to suspect him.
You wondered if he was responsible for the fire that killed his parents.
Deciding that he had killed them,
you decided to set fire to all his works, one by one!
After your admiration for your father, you wanted to take revenge on your son!
Moreover, you were never present during the calls of the bomber!
Wait a minute...
Is that what you wanted to say, Shinichi?
Not at all.
What?
The series of incidents is not revenge against Mr. Moriya.
The person responsible for the four fires and the bombs
is the designer of these houses and the bridge, Mr. Moriya...
It was you!
You what?
You fool! Who would set fire to his own creations?
Mr. Moriya, who continued his father's work from childhood,
made his architectural debut when he was only 30.
Hello, hello?
He also received the Novice Award
from the Japanese Architectural Association for the Circle Line Bridge.
After that, Mr. Moriya, who continued to create architectural works
suddenly felt, or perhaps had always felt,
the need to erase his early works.
I was able to deduce this from the professor's words at his tea party.
Today's architects have no sense of aesthetics!
They need to be more responsible for their work!
In other words, he put his words into action.
It's possible, indeed... Wait a minute!
You weren't even at the tea party...
Now...
Hey, but...
Look at the pictures on the wall.
Look at the Kurokawa residence, the Mizushima residence,
Yasuda and Akutsu, then the bridge.

Although they are all designed in a classic English style,
do you notice anything wrong with them?
To me they are just beautiful architectural works...
Oh, they are not all perfectly symmetrical!
Yes, they are.
It's almost undetectable, but they are not symmetrical.
It's probably by order of the clients,
or according to Japanese architectural standards, that he had to give up.
For a man as perfectionist as Mr. Moriya, this was unbearable.
At the same time, a veil was cast over his career as an architect, then at its peak.
The plans for the new city of Nishitama, which had taken a long time to complete, were suddenly abandoned,
had to be suddenly abandoned, because of the arrest of the mayor.
So this was also a work of Mr. Moriya!
The professor challenged me out of pure revenge, to sully my reputation,
but he also had another idea in mind:
he wanted to divert attention from the 4 fires and the bombing of the Tohto line bridge.
And then, when the timer of the cage stopped...
it was to spare the street lamps of the kindergarten!
They were to be the symbol of the new city of Nishitama.
They have the same design as the London street lamps, which he likes so much...
Am I wrong?
It's very interesting, Mr. Kudo...
But unfortunately, you don't have any proof of what you say!
On the contrary, I have! Behind the window!
But that's... the disguise of the bomber!
No, it can't be! My safe!
Oh well! So the real disguise is hidden in the office safe, is that it?
What's that?
These are my glasses.
I tinted them with a watercolor marker.
The mustache and wig are from the helmet in the office, which I stuck on with tape.
It was Shinichi's idea!
Mr. Moriya, please come to the station...
Don't move!
Or I'll detonate the bomb I planted here!
- No chance. - Why not?
Because this detonator... has no batteries!
That's not possible!
When did you remove them?
And how did you know it was a detonator?
Because you don't use a lighter, do you?
But long matches to smoke your pipe.
The sweet smell Ayumi was talking about...
was the smell of your tobacco!
Stop it!
That solves the case! All's well that ends well!
But no, Mr. Mouri!
It's terrible to accuse someone like that!
Oh, I'm really sorry, even the best make mistakes!
I already wonder if in your case we can talk about "best"...
If you think that everything is finished, you are very wrong...
I still have one more building to erase!
Oh no, not the Beika City Building?
So it is not perfectly symmetrical?
Simply because of the lack of money due to the bursting of the economic bubble...
This is my most beautiful work, and yet the worst!
You don't understand my sense of aesthetics.
One minute to 10:00...
Ran...
Beika City Building Cinema Beika 1
Yes, I'm Miss Mouri...
Ran, come out now!
Ran, are you okay? Ran!
Give me that!
Hey Ran, answer me, Ran!
Damn it!
What did you do to Ran?
All I did was block the entrance hall and emergency exits.
The interesting part is just beginning.
What? What? What?
Hey, Kudo, I know you're listening to me somewhere!
If you don't hurry up, your precious girlfriend will be blown to bits!
You bastard, you'll see!
Mouri, stop!
Hey, what are you doing?
This is...
What is it? A map of the bomb layout?
What is it? What is it?
I'll give it to Shinichi!
Wait a minute!
I'll send the bomb squad!
I can't wait for the bomb squad!
Wait! Wait!
If you see Kudo, give him this message:
"I left you 3 minutes. Make the most of it!"
Wait, Conan! Shiratori, I'm entrusting you with Mr. Moriya's custody!
Yes, sir!
Ran!
Where are you, Ran!
Ran? Ran? Damn it!
Ran!
Ran!
Detective, where the hell is the help?

Calm down, Mouri, calm down!
Ran, wait for me, I'm coming!
Everything's fine, help is on the way!
Hello?
Ran?
Shinichi?
Oh, good... Looks like the phone's still working.
Where the hell are you? You're never around when I need you...
Never... never...
Do you know what I'm going through?
Of course I know,
because I'm standing right behind the debris blocking the emergency exit.
I managed to get here by sneaking through the debris, but
the shock of the explosion...
twisted the door, so it's impossible to open.
By the way, do you see anything weird in the hall, like a briefcase?
Weird?
What's that?
It's big and very heavy...
There's some kind of timer stuck on it.
Be careful, it's a bomb!
A bomb?
What the...
Damn Moriya! He had to put the biggest bomb here...
Ran, how long?
Wait a minute...
42 minutes and 7 seconds.
Only 42 minutes left...
That means the explosion will take place at 12:03 a.m.
3 minutes?
I gave you 3 minutes. Make the most of it!
But why 3 minutes?
Why?
It's no good ! Everything is blocked by debris,
so we still need a little time to rescue the people trapped on the fourth floor!
Ran...
Only 18 minutes left... no more time. What to do...
Hey Ran... do you have any scissors?
I've got the ones from my sewing kit, but what for?
You'll have to open it...
the bomb.
It's okay. Just follow my instructions.
Wait, wait, wait, wait! It's not practical with the phone in hand,
I'm going to the door.
Wait! Wait! Wait!
Well, no motion detector, I guess...
But take it easy.
Got it.
Can you hear me, Shinichi?
Yes, I can!
I'm tearing the bag.
Slowly...
What's wrong Ran, are you okay?
Yes, I'm fine!
Okay... I'm ready!
Okay, start by taking off the outer shell.
Just lift it up... but gently!
Yes.
That's it!
Great! Now you're going to cut the inner wires. Now you're going to cut the internal wires.
One mistake and it's over...
Yes...
First... the yellow wire down.
Cutting!
Yes.
Inspector! Not Ran?
Calm down, Mouri! Ran isn't at that place!
Don't worry... Your daughter still has fifteen minutes left.
You bastard! What's wrong with that? Tell me how to stop that bomb!
It's a special kind of bomb. Even if you take it apart,
this is the last wire that determines your fate...
the very last one!
You can see the smoke from the explosion rising from the Beika City Building...
It's okay...
Well... It looks like we're going to make it.
The timer should stop when you cut the last black wire.
The black wire, huh?
Shinichi, I cut the black wire, but it didn't stop!
Didn't it?
Besides, there are still two wires left: one red and one blue!
What's up?
We just cleared the way to the 3rd floor!
Hurry up!
It's four minutes to the explosion!
Ran, Ran, I'm going!
Mr. Mouri! Where are you going, Mr. Mouri?
Let go of me! I'm going to save Ran!
- Stop it! The rescue team will save her! - Ran!
A father's desperate love for his daughter...
There's no need for love in architecture or in life!
Don't tell me the professor deliberately left out those two wires on the plan?
What do I do? Should I cut them both?
But no! One of them is trapped! If you do that, we'll jump!
Oh no, no...
Shit... which one?
The red one, the blue one? Which one to cut?
Midnight...
Only 3 minutes left...
Shit! Which one to cut, damn it?
Shinichi...
Yes ?
Happy birthday, Shinichi...
Because... well...
I may not be able to wish you that again.
Ran...
Cut one.
Huh?
Cut the one you like best.
But...if it's the wrong one...
Don't worry...
We're going to blow up anyway... So cut the one you like best.
But...
Don't worry!
I'm here with you until you cut that wire...
We'll die together...
Shinichi...
Say, do you prefer red or blue?
Red, I guess.

In May, red is our lucky color for both of us.
I thought it must be a sign!
Ran, Ran! Is everything okay?
Shit, she can't hear!
Oh yes, my cell phone!
I don't have it! I must've dropped it earlier!
There's a boy!
It's okay, kid, it's over!
Wait a minute! Wait a minute! There are still people trapped inside!
Damn it, okay, wait!
We need the jackhammer!
Right!
It's my wedding anniversary, but I probably won't get to celebrate...
I gave you three minutes. Make the most of it!
Oh, right!
He gave me 3 minutes to celebrate my birthday!
It's true that at that time...
Oh, you must be looking forward to it. Have you bought him a present yet?
No, I'll do it on Saturday...
We both love the color red.
And since it's our lucky color this month...
"Lucky color"?
Oh no!
Kid! Let's get out of here!
- Kid! - Ran!
The red one is trapped! Cut the blue one! Not the red one! Ran, it's okay, answer me!
Ran, Ran!
Farewell...
Shinichi!
Ran!
We can't!
We have to get the wounded to the hospital first...
It's a good thing Ran's safe, huh, Mouri!
- Thank you so much! - I'm so sorry!
One comment please! What part did you play here tonight?
The bomber wanted to sully...
...my reputation as a detective, so he framed my daughter Ran...
Here you go.
Conan!
You were worried?
Oh yeah...
What's with the bandage?
Oh, I fell...
You have to be careful!
Hey, Conan, have you seen Shinichi?
Uh, he was here earlier...
Oh, I bought him a present and everything...
Oh yes! Shinichi said something strange:
"I thought Ran was bound to choose the red thread,
so why did she cut the blue thread?"
That's because I didn't feel like cutting it.
The Legend of the Red Thread
That red thread...
that connects us...
Shinichi and me!
We didn't really get to talk,
I'm really sorry.
It worried me for a moment,
but I was tired and fell asleep.
The air in this crowded city on weekends
gets really stuffy.
And when I sigh deeply,
the loudspeaker in the street drowns it out completely.
Even if I find the right words,
I can't seem to share them.
I pushed my voice loud and clear
towards the sky of this city full of life.
To wish a "Happy Birthday
To this person living in a distant city.
I pushed my voice loud and clear
to the sky of this city full of life.
I pushed my voice loud and clear
to the sky of this city full of life.
To wish a "Happy Birthday"
to this person living in a faraway city.
It's not there, the red thread!
Not as long as I am Conan, I guess...

