Logo
Episode title
Characters / Notes
This video is a special offered by Shogakukan.
Please watch with the light on and don't get too close to the screen.
Last week, exploring the Beika neighborhood there you did find different stores, right?
What kind of stores were there?
A grocery store!
A flower shop!
A bakery!
A supermarket!
A wine cellar!
That's right, Genta's family has a winery, right?
It's called Kojima Liquors.
This time, you must choose a single reference business.
You will need to look at what kind of business it is and what the owner offers.
Clearly, it need not be a store, for example, it could be a post office or a library.
You should ask what kind of work they do, what is the most difficult part, etc.
Be sure to ask them varied questions and then you will make a presentation in class.
And okay, now start looking at what business you would like to do the job from.
Okay!
Which store can we choose?
Well...
I know!
Let's go to a restaurant where they cook eel rice!
If we go maybe they'll treat us to a nice meal!
You guys are amazing!
Come on, it's on the house!
What about me?
What about me?
Eh, Genta...
Bon appetit to all!
I could come in, eh!
Impossible, Genta.
This idea could only be yours.
Well, I think it's possible...
And you, Ay, when I think we could go?
That's right!
What do you think, Haibara?
Well, personally I'm interested in the beauty salon in front of the station.
A salon...
The beauty salon in front of the station...
In front of the station?
What is it, Mitsuhiko?
I've got it!
I've got it!
We're going to a unique place, which will also be of great use to us, the Junior Detective League.
Unique and of great use to the Junior Detective League?
Eh, no way...
Mouri Detective Agency
Wow!
Please help us!
Since it's a school assignment, I guess I can't say no to you.
As you are, father...
Don't be shy, ask whatever you want.
Okay, let's get on with it!
Come on, let's get down to work.
What kind of work do you do?
In general, I'm a professional who takes commissions from clients.
I do research assignments or direct interventions.
But in fact, wherever I go, cases always come up.
And instead of the police, I end up bringing out the tricks that the criminals use.
But if I'm the one who ends up clearing it all up.
Here you go, Conan.
G-Thank you.
Next question.
What is your specialty or what cases do you like the most?
Specialty... And what do I like best?
Of course when it comes to investigating young and sexy girls.
And when I have to investigate in nightclubs where I am invited to drink it is also a lot of fun.
Alas, what I wanted to say is that a detective's job has nothing to do with love and heartbreak.
Speaking of young girls, recently my father dated a young girl.
My mother gave him a good scolding,
because of I don't know what perfume smell on his clothes.
Tell your father that after staying with a woman he has to go to a restaurant to eat tempura.
If he sits at the counter for an hour, his clothes will smell like fried food.
No wonder you always go to eat tempura.
N-No, it's just that I love tempura.
Kogoro, you're asking for it.
Mr. Mouri, how come you don't live with your wife if you're married?
I'm sure his wife sent him away because he was seeing young girls.
I thought so.
They must have insurmountable differences.
Or maybe it's for economic reasons.
By the way, what does he earn, per year?
Do these kids really do elementary school?
Father, answer the questions.
Don't get rid of me.
If I don't get rid of these brats...
Oh mother, is it getting so late already?
Well, boys, I'm very sorry but I have a lot of work to do.
And now?
Have you run away from us?
We should leave too.
Have you already gone home?
No, we'll follow Detective Mouri to watch him in action.
What fun!
Let's go! Let's go!
Let's go!
Thanks for the juices!
You're welcome, guys.
Hey, wait!
Haibara, come on in!
So, what are you doing?
Oh mother...
Conan.
Don't let him out of your sight, so he doesn't end up in a restaurant eating tempura.
Oh, here we have the great detective!
Where did he go?
That way.
Exactly like in the ninja manga.
He'll figure it out right away.
And he'll send them packing.
It doesn't look like it.
It's clear that he'll notice.
He's a detective, isn't he?
Thank you very much!
Line 1, the circular from Tohti to Shibahama, inner loop, arrival imminent.
Oh, no!
Wait!
If he comes out now, he'll see you.
But he left just before the doors closed, that means he's already seen us!
No, surely that's not it.
He came out because he thought he saw a 500 yen coin.
But it must have been a fish from a board game or something like that.
And that's the only reason he came out?
What do we do now, Conan?
We can't go on.
No, there's a ninety percent chance he'll catch the next train, we just have to wait for the next station.
And, in fact, he'll probably take a carriage a little further back.
Midoridai Station
See?
Unbelievable!
Exactly one carriage further back.
The garbage can was at that distance.
And because he must have been angry, he didn't get on the same carriage.
It's the same reaction as when you miss the train.
What a genius, Conan!
Just like a real detective!
I am, a real detective.
2-3-2-4-2-7.
He seems to be watching that young man.
If memory serves, his name is Masaya Murakami.
Ten days ago a family from a wealthy home asked him for information on the lifestyle of their daughter's boyfriend.
Come on!
Run, a little more!
Ah!
Act very well!
This way no one can tell you're a detective, eh?
I recently read it in a book.
The first rule of a professional detective is to become part of the environment.
This goofy attitude is certainly part of the environment of this park on a good Saturday.
He's a great detective!
He's just not faking it.
He's a total horse racing maniac.
He seems like a nice guy.
He's not my type, though.
Still, he's cautious for some reason, that makes me uneasy.
Oh, no!
What are you kids doing here?!
Kogoro!
Stop it!
Shit!
Kidnapped before my eyes!
But we called the police immediately.
And we've memorized the car's license plate!
Have they caught them by now, the kidnappers?
I hope so...
Why would they have kidnapped it?
I guess they want something...
Maybe it's the finance company.
The finance company?
This Murakami guy is a clerk at a credit company.
So it wouldn't be strange.
Maybe he granted a loan to a friend of his.
No, excuse me, when I investigate someone it must be confidential.
He's one of the people responsible for the loan, right?
And of that missing friend
the company had pressured him to return the loan, right?
How do you know that?
I figured it out from what he said.
That's why he was acting so cautiously.
When I was eavesdropping, I saw them.
Although only for a few seconds, it looks like they were the same as these two heights.
And do you know the name of the finance company?
No, this was the next thing I wanted to find out.
But you guys will go home.
But, Kogoro, what should they plan, kidnapping Mr. Murakami?
Even if you kidnap him, he won't give you the money back, will he?
Well, you're right.
Then why...?
What's the target?
Could it be that...?
Just as I thought.
Using six different ATMs from two banks, it's clear that he's withdrawn a lot of money.
Every time you use an ATM you can withdraw up to 2 million yen.
And every day you can withdraw a total of 5 million yen.
So he's probably withdrawn about 10 million.
Yes, probably.
Who is this woman?
She's Murakami's girlfriend, the Etsuko Yano.
And why should Etsuko do that?
Ah!
Of course, of course!
The scoundrels from the mortgage company use Murakami to make his girlfriend pay the ransom.
She's daddy's daughter.
She should be able to scrape together a nice sum of cash.
And she must not have contacted the police?
From the look on her face I'd say she hasn't even told her father.
Too bad, she must be desperate, waiting for the kidnappers to call.
Looks like they're calling.
Time to get moving.
She seems to be looking at her butt a lot.
The kidnappers must have told her to be careful not to be followed by a car.
Surely they had already realized that in Kogoro she was doing research on Murakami.
That's why I wanted you guys to get in the car.
Who would believe that someone with 5 kids on board is a detective?
Wow.
This is called dissembling, isn't it?
Renting this vehicle was also part of the camouflage?
That's because Mr. Mouri doesn't have a car.
Well cars are expensive.
And maintaining one does cost, yes!
It is the harsh reality of detectives.
But to be made to carry money directly to them is not usual.
Maybe the kidnappers... have some more on their heads?
He's spinning around again!
He seems to be saying something to the driver.
We've been following this cab for half an hour.
The driver must have become suspicious.
They've slowed down.
They must want to see if we're ahead of them or what.
And what happens if we overtake them?
Although they won't suspect us anymore, we won't be able to follow them either.
Good move!
What to do?
If we let them notice, chasing them will be impossible.
Really?
The key to spying on someone is to remain undetected.
You can be a professional detective, but the moment you're caught, you're screwed.
It's the doctor!
At the end he's caught us!
Did you warn her, Conan?
A while ago, when in Kogoro was the bank, I have separated and I have made a call.
I asked the doctor to use the tracker on the glasses to find me.
At the end I can focus on the traffic.
We could use the doctor's car....
They stop!
It will be here, what?
Don't open the door!
I would say they just want to verify if this car is following them or not, so they have made a stop.
Waiting here without any obvious reason will make us even more suspicious.
Genta, hurry up, get out and do something!
Anything, quick!
Shit!
What's wrong with me!
Where can I go?
Ah, I know!
Ayumi, Mitsuhiko, let's go in the doctor's car!
Haibara, stay here so we can communicate.
Understood.
Hey!
You guys!
Wait for me!
This time the Ayumi, front!
I tell you to wait for me!
Looks like we've overcome this obstacle.
Here at Conan, we see the target.
Roger that.
We're on our way.
Ah, roger that.
Turn off the fourth Kojima turnoff.
Pass the Koichi entrance to Okahata Highway and go straight ahead.
Roger that.
It's just like in the movies!
Now that's professional detective spying!
Now I'm really getting a lot of sympathy...
She seems to have become a bit restless.
We must be close to her destination.
Haibara!
We've spotted it.
Doctor, we turn here.
Okay.
Do me a favor and call the police.
Where is he in Kogoro?
All right, us too!
No way.
Not you guys.
Why shouldn't we?
Shouldn't we show why we're the Junior Detective League?
Courage and recklessness are not the same thing.
Guys, if you really want to help, do something out of harm's way and within your means.
Out of harm's way...
Within our means...
Masaya!
Porto the money, as you have asked me to do.
Please keep in Masaya!
I'm sorry, but it is not possible.
Now we will use you as a hostage and demand a ransom from your father.
And what else?
That's not what we agreed!
Promises are meant to be broken, Miss.
I thought so, something like that.
Who's there?
The sleeping Kogoro!
Promises are meant to be kept.
Let's see if they learn, man.
What's that?
Take that!
We're out!
Of course we did!
Yay!
Great!
That's why we're the Junior Detective League!
These guys...
Good job, Izawa, Yamamoto and Kaneko with your work on the record store.
Now who's next?
Over here!
Over here!
It's us!
Let's see... Yoshida, Kojima, Tsuburaya, Edogawa and Haibara.
Let's see this exhibition "Being a detective is fun".
Thank you, thank you!
When Detective Mouri spies on someone, he must camouflage himself in the environment so his target won't detect him.
That's how a true professional does it!
Later, when we accompanied Detective Mouri,
we experienced firsthand the spying techniques of professionals.
Our work on Kogoro and the Junior Detective League was well liked by the teacher and classmates.
Anyway...
En Keronet hasn't been home for two days!
I've lost my Yaiba the Masked's sticker!
Could you help me find some friends who were with me in kindergarten?
Wait a minute!
And how come we don't have a single case?
It's all been a miscalculation...
Why do you only want help from Kogoro?
Please, can you take care of my little brother?
What a great thing, eh, father?
You've got your work cut out for you!
Th-This must be a joke!
Well, maybe this all fits Kogoro's capabilities better.
The target is Kogoro!
The Junior Detective League's Secret Investigation
Masaya Murakami
One hour later
Etsuko Yano
By the time I realized it, I was already at the edge of that river of my memories.
VisuaIitzant aqueII dream I had yesterday.
On that day, you looked like a grown boy.
Unable to say goodbye, I hid under the umbrella.
If we meet again, by Piaui, this time I won't obidis.
Not like affection, not like love, not like anything that changes.
It is you, that I vuII you, and it is as I think it will always be.
Clinging to me AIS inexpIicabIe feelings, I go back as I SOI do Ia people
Stopping I'scene in which luck allowed us to avoid falling little by little