TOHO CO., LTD.
DETECTIVE CONAN PRODUCTION COMMITTEE
SHOGAKUKAN YOMIURI TELECASTING
Madness!
She's taken off like lightning!
She's flying pretty high!
Show me, I want to see too!
- I want too! - Wait a minute!
It can fly for 30 minutes at an altitude of 10,000 meters!
That would be a world record for a drone...
But at that altitude...
How do you think it's controlled?
It uses satellite communication.
That's why you can control it from a distance.
You steer it with the help of its camera
and its geographic position.
But the flight direction, speed and camera
all have to be controlled at the same time, and that's difficult.
Why did you design this drone?
Why?
Well, out of a manly sense of adventure, of course!
It makes me feel like I'm climbing Mt. Everest,
without having to climb it myself!
A very unpleasant laugh.
And this invention probably also violates countless laws.
COMING UP: LATEST INFORMATION ABOUT THE TOKYO SUMMIT
After the commercial break we have
the latest information on the approaching Tokyo Summit.
"EDGE OF OCEAN": VENUE OF THE TOKYO SUMMIT
The summit is going up
next week at the "Edge of Ocean" convention hall,
the resort on the newly redeveloped site in Tokyo Bay.
EDGE OF OCEAN THOROUGHLY INSPECTED: OPENING NEXT MONTH
Next month, the resort will officially open.
The design of its facilities
INTERNATIONAL CONVENTION HALL
is inspired by water and the sea, very fitting for a coastal location.
SHOPPING CENTER
CASINO TOWER
The Casino Tower resembles a giant clam shell
and functions as a lighthouse securing the surrounding sea,
but also as a lookout tower over the resort.
In the shopping center near the tower
there is a waterfall and a hanging garden.
They give visitors peace and relaxation.
Another concept of the resort is "Harmonious Japan."
The interior design of the convention hall
adopts forms and style of the Japanese garden.
Restaurants are also attached to the complex on the first floor.
And look at this!
A two-story monorail encircles the entire area.
The whole thing looks like a smart city,
where tradition and the future merge.
As you can see,
two bridges lead to the "Edge of Ocean" resort.
LATEST NEWS 4 FROM THE TOKYO SUMMIT VENUE
On May 1, the day the summit opens,
up to 22,000 police officers will be responsible for security
in the downtown area.
We now come to news from the unmanned space probe "Swan"!
DETECTIVE CONAN - ZERO THE ENFORCER
I am high school detective Shin'ichi Kudô.
SHIN'ICHI KUDÔ
When I was at the amusement park with my friend Ran,
I was watching men in black making a suspicious deal.
I was so focused on it,
that I didn't notice the man behind me.
He was administering a poison to me.
When I awoke...
...my body had shrunk!
If it becomes known that I am still alive..,
my life and the lives of my friends will be in danger.
Professor Agasa advised me not to reveal myself.
When Ran asked what my name was,
CONAN EDOGAWA
I spontaneously said, Conan Edogawa.
To track down the men,
I moved in with Ran, whose father is a detective.
These are Genta, Mitsuhiko and Ayumi,
friends of my shrunken self.
And this is Ai Haibara. Her real name is Shiho Miyano.
She originally once belonged to the men in black.
Because she wanted to kill herself,
she swallowed the same poison as I did and shrank as well.
And another member of the mysterious Black Organization:
Bourbon, also called Tôru Amuro.
In truth, an official of the secret organization "Zero",
part of the National Police Agency. It controls the security police.
As a cover, he works as an apprentice in the Môri detective agency,
but also works at the Café Poirot. A man full of secrets.
I am small, my mind is not!
No case remains unsolved!
There is always
one truth!
DIRECTOR: Yuzuru TACHIKAWA
SPECIAL BROADCAST: UNMANNED SPACE PROBE "SWAN" RETURNS FROM MARS
SPACE PROBE "SWAN" RETURNS FROM MARS
On May 1, Japan time, the unmanned space probe "Swan" will
will complete its expedition to Mars

and return to earth.
ORIGINAL FLIGHT PATH CORRECTION OF THE FLIGHT PATH
The main part of the spacecraft will burn up in the atmosphere.
Only the return capsule with a diameter of approximately four meters
will enter the atmosphere,
float down on a parachute
SEPARATION HEAT SHIELD OPENING PARACHUTE
and finally land in the Pacific Ocean off the coast of Japan.
LANDING IN THE PACIFIC
I see.
The capsule with the samples
is equipped with a precise GPS-guided guidance system,
RETURN CAPSULE PRECISE GPS GUIDANCE SYSTEM
that allows it to land with an accuracy of 200 meters.
- H... h... Hey, Genta-kun! - I want a turn!
- You can't just... - I want to!
Hm... Should I split the remote control into three parts?
into "direction", "speed" and "camera"?
Well, well, well!
We interrupt for a news flash.
Reporting:
At the site where the Tokyo Summit was to be held,
a large explosion has occurred.
Here are pictures from surveillance cameras.
This is...
BREAKING NEWS: EXPLOSION AT SITE SLATED FOR SUMMIT!
Because the "Edge of Ocean" resort where the explosion took place,
- has not yet opened, there were... - Professor!
...but several police officers were on site for
on site for preparatory work and were injured or even killed.
I repeat:
- In the place where the Tokyo... - Maybe an attack!
But the summit is not until next week!
- Maybe it's an accident! -neither is the number of officials.
The same applies to the question of whether it was an accident or an attack.
an attack. So nothing is known about that yet.
Injured or dead officers?
Oh, dear...
Professor! The picture has disappeared!
Yes, I'll be right there!
That's right... If you think about it...
An attack before the summit would only lead to even tighter security.
What is it?
In the image from the security camera just after the explosion...
Was there anything there?
It was just a moment, and maybe I'm wrong.
But this man...
works at the "Poirot"!
I think his name is Tôru Amuro, can it be true?
Amuro-san is...?
The forensics team couldn't find
no traces of explosives at the scene.
There is a Japanese restaurant on the first floor of the convention hall.
The kitchen in the basement
where the explosion took place. There
gas leakage could be detected.
So we can assume that it was a gas explosion.
Wait a minute. The building has just been completed.
A gas leak is unlikely.
Yes. It's true: The gas lines are of the latest type,
where the valves can even be operated via the Internet.
So why would there be a gas leak?
The system could have been defective from the beginning.
Hasn't it been inspected?
That was scheduled for today.
What does that mean?
The resort's network environment should have been completed today.
Today, after the check of the Public Security of the Capital Police, the inspection was
the inspection was scheduled.
Then the probability that it was an accident is indeed high.
Yes... After all, an attack on the summit would
not really made sense until next week,
OPENING OF THE SUMMIT
on May 1, when all the important people are gathered.
As for the summit... Because of this incident
the venue is being moved.
There is news.
First, who are you?
Kazami, Public Security of the Capital Police.
- Have you discussed the explosion trigger? - Not yet.
The Criminal Investigation Department is checking the electrical system.
The explosion may have been caused
a high-voltage cable may have triggered the explosion.
Really? Did they find a construction defect?
No.
But fingerprints burned into the door panel of a high-voltage cable box
...there were fingerprints burned into it.
The prints were there before the explosion?
Yes. And the only people on the scene were the construction crews
and us from Public Safety for the inspection this morning.
So we have the fingerprints of the construction crew...
and all the police officers
from the database against them.
They matched the prints of a former relative
MÔRI KOGORÔ RESUME
of Investigation Division No. 1: Kogorô Môri.
This is crazy!
Impossible!
But that
can't be...

MÔRI KOGORÔ RESUME
DETECTIVE AGENCY MÔRI CAFÉ POIROT
The congress hall in the fill area?
I've never been there!
Your fingerprints were found at the site of the explosion!
It can't be!
It's for real!
Dad... You didn't sneak in drunk again, did you?
But I told you:
I've never been to this place!
This is a misunderstanding! You won't find anything!
Only silence.
Really. There's really nothing here!
- Excuse me. - J... Yes...
Conan-kun, is something wrong?
That policeman...
...is hurt in the face. Is he okay?
Ah, you mean Kazami-san?
He was supposedly there when the explosion happened.
I have to go to the bathroom!
Hello! What's wrong?
Yes.
What? Your father is suspected by the police?
Yes... I think it's a misunderstanding, but...
I'll take a look at it. I'll look into it too.
Using a second cell phone is a pain.
Well?
My smartphone...
Ah... Professor?
Oh, Shin'ichi, it's you? What's the matter?
I want to ask you something.
How long are they going to keep this up?
Really! Those slowpokes!
- Get a move on! - Yes...
My smartphone...
This is fun!
Ah, Genta-kun! Please slow down!
We're filming!
Sorry, sorry.
But this is really great!
I can't believe we can make it fly so far.
Yes, you can control them up to 30 km away!
Ah, we flew 20 km earlier!
We brought a package to my aunt in Saitama!
She was so happy! Wasn't she?
You guys are really fast.
But the screen is pretty small, you can't see too well on it, can you?
Originally, we didn't plan to split the controller into three parts.
Professor. Put a screen on my remote control, too!
And mine too, please!
Let me think...
But first we'll have a quiz!
Pay attention! If you find the right answer,
each of the remotes will get a monitor.
Oh no...
Here comes the question!
PROFESSOR AGASA'S QUIZ
Which of the following hiragana series
is the largest in terms of caliber?
No. 1: The A series.
A-ROW
KA SERIES
No. 2: The Ka series.
No. 3: Sa series.
SA SERIES
TA SERIES
No. 4: The Ta series.
What do you mean by "caliber"?
I want to know which series is the largest in terms of scale.
But "hiragana of great magnitude," that....
The A series is: "A, i, u, e, o."
A-SERIES: A, I, U, E, O.
Ka-series: "Ka, ki, ku, ke, ko." Think from the point.
KA SERIES: KA, KI, KU, KE, KO
SA, SHI, SU, SE, SO TA, CHI, TSU, TE, TO
Sa, shi, su, se, so....
Ta, chi, tsu, te, to...
Huh? I have no idea!
Wah, don't, Ayumi-chan! Stop moving the camera!
T... t... I'm sorry!
All right. Clue number one: swan.
- Swan?! - A... but Ai-kun!
Swans make me think of...
Swans on a river...
I got it! Because it's a big river, it's the Flu series!
FLU SERIES
Oh, there's no such thing.
Clue #2: The swan is coming back home.
The swan returns home?
Ha, so it is the river after all!
Home...
The swan...
returns...
I found out!
The "Swan" probe is coming home from outer space, the universe!
And the answer?
It's No. 1, the A series!
A, I, U, E, O
In the middle of the row A-I-U-E-O is "U".
MIDDLE
U
In other words: "Universe"!
UNIVERSE
And the universe is bigger than everything else!
- Yes, that is correct. - Yay!
Really, Ai-kun! It's the same thing every time!
You just give them too many clues!
Now listen!
A quiz while they're controlling the drone, that's dangerous!
And... The footage they're taking,
unlike your quiz, they're not a game anymore!
Yeah. Sorry.
Criminal Investigation, Public Safety and Security
were supposed to secure the venue before the summit.
When the explosion happened, Public Security was on duty.
That's why Inspector Kazami was injured...
He wasn't inside the building, so he got off lightly injured.
But those inside the building....
I saw on the news that there were also dead.
Yes... I know I shouldn't say this,
but that the victims were all civil servants and not civilians,

was perhaps luck in disguise.
If it had happened during the summit,
it would have caused worldwide commotion.
Ah...
The capital police, especially Public Security, is criticized.
But we can't be held responsible for the explosion accident before the summit.
Accident?
Ah, from our first impression we assumed it was an accident,
I thought it was an accident, so I...
But Uncle Kogoro's fingerprints were at the site of the explosion.
Yes...
Kazami-san found them, so it became clear that it wasn't an accident after all.
Inspector Kazami found them...
RAN MÔRI CALL
Thank you, Inspector Takagi!
See you soon!
Be careful on the way home!
Ran, what's wrong?
Shin'ichi, please help us!
They're going to arrest my father!
Damn it!
I told you, I don't know anything!
This was on the computer we confiscated from you.
The program of the summit.
And a sketch of the convention hall,
which exploded.
That's not true! My father couldn't even save
on the computer!
That's for sure!
He doesn't know anything about computers!
That's right! I can't do it!
We'll ask you more details at the presidium.
Hey! Don't joke!
I won't go with you voluntarily!
Then I'll arrest you for obstruction of duty.
I only knocked your hand off! H... Hey!
- Hey! - This can't be happening!
April 28, 4:56 p.m.
Hey! Let me go!
The fact that you're resisting makes you all the more suspicious.
- Let me go! - Wait!
If Uncle Kogoro is the culprit..,
what would be his motive for blowing up the peak?
Yes! Why would I do that?
That's another question we'll ask you during the interrogation.
Wait! Hey!
Pops!
Calm down! Tell Kudô-kun right now!
I already did!
I did, but...
But that's...
In this emergency... Why the hell didn't that guy come here?
He's security, right?
I don't know, but... I don't know him.
You guys are hurt. Inspector Kazami
and so are you.
That means you were there too. At the site of the explosion.
I don't know what you're talking about.
You checked the location of the summit.
You realized it could be an attack.
But the explosion would probably have been dismissed as an accident.
That's why you faked a suspect! Didn't you?
Police officers like you or Kazami-san...
could easily manipulate computers
or plant fingerprints at the explosion site.
The police don't care about stories that have no evidence.
Why are you doing this?
Because there is something I must protect, with my life if necessary.
This time, Amuro-san may be our opponent.
But why?
Why don't you take over Pops' defense?
You don't think he was really responsible for the explosion, do you?
No, he could never do such a thing.
If that's the case, why...
Lawyers never defend their own loved ones.
Because then there's a high risk
that the judge won't see them as objective enough.
So if I were to take over his defense,
it might be to his disadvantage.
But...
Don't worry. I will find a good lawyer quickly.
CONTACT INFO LAWYERS WITH TÔTO UNIVERSITY DEGREE
CONTACT INFO LAWYERS
I am sorry.
It happened as you feared, Furuya-san.
If we had known earlier, our comrades from security would still be alive.
Yes. I never thought the explosion would happen before the summit.
We're checking all international terrorists and domestic extremists
on the Public Security lists.
And you, Furuya-san?
I'm examining the data on the gas valve accesses.
- The system used there is somewhat unusual. - How so?
I'll report to the Capital Police Security when I'm done.
All right.
And how's that going?
Well, uh... The plan is that we deploy
"2291."
Furuya-san?
All right.
- Does that mean... - So it does...
But...
So there's evidence
...that Kogorô Môri's computer...
from Kogorô Môri's computer at the site of the explosion.
Yes.
This has been reported to us by the Cybercrime Investigation Department.
Then it is certain. Kogorô Môri
has sneaked in,
opened the box and tampered with the high-voltage cables.
Hold on.

Then the surveillance cameras should have filmed him!
Ah... no.
The place has only been connected to the grid since yesterday.
But that's...
What did the interrogation reveal?
Kogorô Môri continues to deny everything.
We're transferring him to the prosecutor's office anyway.
Even though we don't even know the motive?
If we have evidence, we'll transfer him.
That's police procedure, isn't it?
Wait a minute. Something's not right.
Something's strange!
"Something's not right. Something is strange."
Do investigators need to take action just because of this?
EXTERNAL LINE
I see.
Yes.
But that... So why won't anyone defend him?
Because the case is so big?
Yes. That, and
because the suspect to be defended is the famous "Sleeping Kogorô".
That's enough to give any lawyer cold feet.
Come in.
Excuse me.
Inspector Shiratori!
I wanted to tell you before you saw it on the news.
Tell me what?
Môri-san is being transferred to the prosecutor's office.
Do you have enough evidence?
The fingerprints at the site of the explosion.
The sketch on his computer.
The program of the summit.
And the access log to the gas valves.
That's enough to transfer him.
But why?
Pop's got...
Mom...
Patience, Ran!
I'll save the old man, I promise!
AGASA
Professor!
You what?
Oh, there you are!
Look.
That could indeed have been a bomb.
At your request, we filmed the debris.
Then we put the pictures together like a puzzle and reconstructed them.
Ai-kun is comparing them with all kinds of pictures...
...with all kinds of images on the net..,
...so that we can determine the type of bomb.
Okay.
I found something that matches.
What is it?
Here are the details.
IOT PRESSURE POT
An IoT pressure cooker?
Pressure cooker and kettle combined!
Pressure, temperature and cooking time can be set via smartphone,
to cook soups, for example.
- Does it mean here. - Cooking?
Besides the pressure cooker, there were also
fragments of frying pans, cooking pots and dishes scattered around.
The explosion probably occurred in the kitchen of one of the plant's restaurants.
What is this?!
So it wasn't a bomb at all?
Come on!
You asked us to find out what exploded,
...and Ai-kun really went the extra mile!
That's not like you to react like that!
I'm sorry.
What's wrong? Did something happen?
They've handed over old Kogoro... to the prosecutor's office.
KISAKI LAW OFFICE
Who is he?
What did you say?
I said:
Let me, Kyôko Tachibana, defend the "Sleeping Kogorô"!
These are my cases so far.
Radicals from Nijôin University, espionage at the Ministry of Economy....
Often it was a matter of public security.
Then you're a perfect match for our case!
So, how many cases have you won?
What?
You sure know some tough words!
I've lost them all.
But when it comes to public safety, it's difficult.
Yes. When the prosecution brings charges, it wins
they win the case over 90% of the time.
If it's about public safety, even more often.
So we can't win.
But I'm a cell phone lawyer.
Cell phone lawyer?
A freelance lawyer who doesn't have her own firm..,
who works out of her cell phone.
That's why I take unfavorable cases.
And that's why you want to defend my father?
You're looking for a lawyer for him, aren't you?
I heard from the Bar Association. Hire me.
Well, uh...
Ah, wait, wait, wait a minute, please.
We can't do that, Mom!
She has no motivation to win!
That's true.
But maybe the prosecution is underestimating her because she's
because she's so clearly incompetent.
But we won't win that way!
Let's use the public defender instead.
Then I can't interfere!
With her, on the other hand, I can interfere.
But still... I just have a bad feeling.
What's the cat's name?
It's Goro-chan!
I heard you denied everything to the police.
Of course I did. I didn't do anything!
But there is so much evidence that incriminates you as the culprit.
But I don't understand, Mr. Prosecutor!
Someone must have framed me!
The prosecution raises

PROSECUTOR'S OFFICE
Kusakabe of the Public Security
of the district attorney's office.
Oh dear...
Even I know that name, and I rarely represent public security cases.
public security cases.
Is this prosecutor really that good?
He is talented, competent, and relentless, just like Ms. Kisaki.
The exact opposite of me.
Oh! I know that case! The one with the unauthorized access to the NACU!
What, NACU?
The famous US space development organization?
An employee of a game developer
of a game developer got into the NACU systems for fun.
Kusakabe-san was the prosecutor then, too.
And that trial...
...I lost, of course.
"Of course," you say...
Well, well, well!
As for the result of today's interrogation...
What concerns me is that Môri doesn't seem to have a motive for the attack.
A motive...
But there's so much evidence.
We could charge him tomorrow.
A... but...
For example, these records of access to the gas valves...
ACCESS LOG
KOGORÔ MÔRI
It could have been third parties using the computer as an intermediary.
GAS VALVE INTERNAT. CONGRESS HALL UNKNOWN
Who then also left the sketch and the program as "evidence".
- Maybe someone is blaming him.... - Kusakabe-san!
These conclusions
you personally drew, ignoring this piece of evidence.
Prosecutor General. I asked
the police to investigate further whether...
Bring charges against Kogorô Môri.
That is the decision of the Public Security Bureau. Do you understand?
Do you mean ours, the District Attorney's Office?
Or that of the National Police Agency?
That's all.
Please leave.
A request has been made for a more detailed investigation?
Yes. By District Attorney Kusakabe.
Then depending on the results, they could drop the charges?
No. The investigation was requested by Kusakabe at his own discretion.
The security police will file charges.
Wait a minute. Why are the police interfering?
The police are controlled by the prosecutor's office.
PUBLIC CHARGES ARE FILED BY THE PUBLIC PROSECUTOR'S OFFICE.
And only the prosecutor's office has the right to bring charges....
Yes. It is as you say.
But that applies only to its private and criminal law departments and to
the Special Investigation Commission.
That it is different in the Public Security Bureau,
I'm sure you know that too.
I see. We only ever talk about the "Public Security Bureau....
CAPITAL POLICE
Capital Police, Police Department and Public Prosecutor's Office all have one.
NATIONAL POLICE AGENCY
PROSECUTOR'S OFFICE
The police send their investigation results to the prosecutor,
who accepts them, but in turn investigates the case again.
Whether to press charges,
the prosecutor usually decides
on the basis of this investigation.
However, this is not the case with the Public Security Office of the Public Prosecutor's Office.
The Public Security Office of the Public Prosecutor's Office
cannot compete with that of the police.
CAPITAL POLICE
They are simply far inferior to them in manpower numbers and expertise.
NATIONAL POLICE BUREAU
That's why a "public safety consideration" sometimes comes into play.
Consideration for Public Safety...
This explosion at the place where the summit was to take place,
has made the security police lose face.
It's quite conceivable that they are putting pressure to press charges in any case.
But then my father will be...
Yes. He will definitely be charged.
But that's...
It's almost as if she wants charges to be brought.
So you are investigating whether
Uncle Kogoro's computer might have been tampered with by someone?
Prosecutor Kusakabe did ask us to do a more detailed investigation, but...
but...
Just say what you can.
Shin'ichi-niichan said that in order to help Uncle Kogorô,
he wants all the information he can get.
How is
Mr. Môri then?
Amuro-kun!
You heard?
Heard what?
I'm just worried about him.
I've brought him some goodies from Poirot's.
Ah, Môri-kun isn't here anymore.
When a suspect is transferred..,
...he's sent to a detention center.
I'm sure you know that, too.
Oh, really?
You're well-informed, as usual!

Ah, but wait!
You are not allowed to bring gifts to the prison!
All right!
What is he after?
"2291 " successfully placed.
What was that? What did he say to Amuro-san?
Damn!
Hey, Inspector!
I want back the computer you took from Uncle Kogorô!
It's got games on it that I like to play!
You can't do that. That computer is an important piece of evidence.
Hey, Conan-kun, stop that!
But Professor Agasa wrote those games!
Oh, Conan-kun! I've been trying to call you several times!
What's wrong? The battery's dead...
Can you charge it with this?
Yes! Thank you!
CHARGING
Normally the battery lasts much longer, doesn't it?
And why did you want to call me?
The documents about the case will be here soon.
Ran wants you to take a look at them, too.
Well, Conan-kun is always noticing interesting things.
And besides...
If anything happens, maybe he'll inform Shin'ichi as well.
Yes! I'll definitely inform Shin'ichi-niichan!
Thank you, Conan-kun.
Thank you for your patience.
The evidence requested by the prosecution.
Wha... That is...
So the charges will be filed?
The police have informed us that charges will be filed shortly.
Dad...
Don't worry. We'll save him for sure.
Come on.
Yes.
Statement protocol, expert opinion...
And the photos from the forensics.
That's an awful lot.
I need to find a clue.
EXPLOSION CENTER
Damn... Isn't there something there somewhere?
GLASS SPLITTERS
CABLE FRAGMENTS
CABLE BOX - DOOR WING
GLASS SPLINTER 01 GLASS SPLINTER 02
What is it?
Ah, these look familiar....
When you see this, you understand a lot about the method of "planting bombs".
Police investigation documents
often read like manuals for committing crimes.
Manuals...
Hello? Tachibana here.
The court?
Yes. The pre-trial consultation procedure?
Attorney General! Why did you inform the defense
you informed the defense of the indictment without my knowledge?
How many times do I have to tell you...
The security police determined it.
So it determines not only if, but also when charges will be brought?
The court informs us that the pre-trial consultation proceedings
with the prosecution and the defense
will be held tomorrow.
Why are they contacting you about this?
I am the prosecutor in charge!
Inform me when the consultation procedure is over.
We don't have any of those big ice packs here.
No...
Ah, I'll go quickly and ask an employee.
You get the wheat flour and eggs, please.
You'll make someone a good wife someday, Azusa!
Shh!
Don't make rash remarks!
Our high school girl regulars love you!
There was a huge shitstorm the other day: I'd hit on you!
These days, you never know who's listening to you from where!
That's right...
Furuya-san...
Why do you want to make a case out of this so badly?
If it's considered an accident, we can't get an injunction.
Public Security
can investigate violations of the law even without an injunction.
That's precisely why we have to have legal means up our sleeves.
Otherwise we will break our own backs.
If you break the law yourself, you have to pay for it,
you have to pay for them yourself.
That's the way it goes with "security".
But whether you legally declare something to be a "case" or illegally
illegally covers up... That is also for us, the security, to decide.
Of course. However
we must always consider which of the two
we can protect Japan better.
Ah, Amuro-san! The clerk said.
First, let the prosecution
clarify the facts to be proved and disclose the evidence.
Yes.
I'll start with the list of evidence compiled.
Ran!
Calm down.
But...
This isn't the trial yet, is it?
No, it's the "pre-trial consultation process".
You narrow down points of contention and evidence, and set dates.
- I told you that. - Yes, but still...
Kyôko-sensei!
Attorney General? Kusakabe here.
The pre-trial consultation is over.
What evidence did the prosecutor disclose?
The same as we had received in advance.
Here is the list.
EVIDENCE NO. - EXAMINATION NO. - OPINION - RESULT

EVIDENCE - SEARCH - OPINION - RESULT
The date of the hearing?
It has been set. It is also within the foreseen time frame.
Ah, excuse me! Please look it over already.
I have to go to the bathroom.
Kyôko-sensei! The restroom is on the other side!
Kyôko-sensei?!
- The location? - What's that?
The bug I planted on Kazami...
Is he around?
I see. Keep it up.
Very close!
Is he here at the courthouse?
Where is he?
Kyôko-sensei's ringtone?
Ah, Kyôko-sensei?
I have a question...
Ah, I'll be right with you!
Why do I hear Kyôko-sensei's voice...
from Kazami's bug?
Did she just happen to be near him?
No.
I heard her voice.
So they must have been close to each other.
It was no coincidence.
Our investigation revealed
that the gas valves at the site of the explosion
at the site of the explosion was done using "Nor".
"Nor?"
A browser that allows you to encrypt your IP address
and make it untraceable by redirecting it across multiple computers.
and make it untraceable.
And you can't remove this anonymity?
In principle, no.
But if the Nor browser has a design flaw or a bug,
it may become possible to determine the user.
In other words:
If we sneak a vulnerability into the perpetrator's browser,
we can track him.
At the moment, we are tracing the servers from security
and are looking for a way to determine the user.
Excuse me.
My boss is calling me.
Excuse me for a second.
Yes.
You're listening in on the investigators' meeting?
How did you...
When it comes to Kogorô Môri..,
you pull out all the stops, don't you?
Or...
Are you doing it for Ran-neechan?
It doesn't matter. Come out.
Why did you call me here?
Furuya-san?
That you work in security...
I'm... I'm sorry...
But who on earth...
Wait!
Did you put that bug
on me?
Oh, come on...
How could such a small child...
Amuro-san works for a department that controls the security police:
"Zero".
Within the security police only
very few inspectors have contact with Amuro-san.
You are one of them, aren't you?
Who on earth are you?
Conan Edogawa.
A detective.
This Amuro you speak of...
is a murderer.
Last year he drove a suspect he interrogated
he drove to suicide.
Suicide?
I'm sorry. I shouldn't have told you, a child.
But somehow they just tell you these things...
Strange boy.
So once security has determined
which target was accessed with Nor, Kogorô Môri will...
Excuse me!
But all hell is breaking loose downtown!
Hot!
Wha... what's that?!
Mom, come quick! Help!
Wha... Impossible?!
- Wah, what's that? - That's really weird!
- Wow... - Unbelievable! What's going on?
How many times do you want me to...
The Metropolitan Police have not yet commented on the incidents..,
that took place in the city center today,
24-HOUR STORE IN DOWNTOWN TOKYO
which occurred because of today's rising Tokyo Summit
SERIES OF UNEXPLAINED INCIDENTS IN THE CITY CENTER
was already on high alert anyway.
Not only from within the country, but also from the summit nations
the government is receiving worried and critical voices.
Computers and pressure cookers are said to have exploded,
and chaos is spreading.
What on earth is this?
EXPLODING ELECTRICAL APPLIANCES IN THE CITY CENTER.
I repeat:
Capital Police...
What is the perpetrator after?
EXPLODING ELECTRICAL APPLIANCES...
...to the incidents that took place....
Electrical appliances?
...occurred in the downtown...
Pressure, temperature and cooking time can be set via smartphone,
to cook soups, for example.
I see.
The first attack was the explosion at the summit site!
The situation?
The communications HQ is in a panic.
Over 100 explosions all over the city!
- Request instructions! - What the hell is going on?
CAPITAL POLICE
Conan-kun, I don't have time to talk...
Commissioner Megure! These must all be "IoT terrorist attacks"!
"IoT terrorist attacks"?
The perpetrator randomly detonates electrical devices connected to the Internet!

Cut their internet connection and you can stop the attacks!
"IoT terrorist attacks..."
This kid is unbelievable.
The pressure cooker from the explosion site must have been an
also an IoT device!
KOGORÔ MÔRI GAS VALVE
The perpetrator manipulated the valves over the net,
UNKNOWN - UNKNOWN
flooded the environment with gas
and then using the IoT pressure cooker as a detonator
exploded the summit site!
A... but then...
Yes.
Uncle Kogorô would never pull off something like that.
Is that really true?
That's what Shin'ichi-niichan said, and he told me to say hello to you, Commissioner!
Conan-kun...
Shin'ichi will do anything...
For my dad.
You silly...
I'm sure it's not just for your "dad", believe me!
I see...
If that's true, we might even win in court.
Yes! Because Uncle Kogoro doesn't have access to the Internet...
he doesn't have access to the Internet.
Wrong.
If he has the date and time programmed in advance..,
he can still carry out IoT attacks after an arrest.
If they trace the servers and find the user,
the suspicion against him will be confirmed.
That can't be...
But finding the servers must be difficult!
Will they be able to do it by the time of the trial?
It is the security police who are searching. It's easy for them.
Wait a minute!
How do you know the Security Police are looking?
Oh, I'm sorry!
The reason is this:
This kind of investigation is mostly done by the security police.
In fact, the security police have many "supporters".
You mean civilians who cooperate with the security police?
Yes.
Especially among server professionals,
who have been in the way of the surveillance law before,
there are many "supporters" of the security police.
With the help of such "supporters
they will surely find evidence of Môri-san's unauthorized access.
Ah, of course, only if such evidence exists at all!
Oh, don't bother with that.
You think so?
Yes. Let's have a professional do it.
That's it... What's this uneasy feeling?
She's still got something...
Regarding the incidents that continue to cause chaos,
INCIDENTS POSSIBLY IOT ATTACKS
the capital police suspect that they may be "IoT attacks."
That he would actually perpetrate "IoT attacks..."
Not bad that you recognized his method.
It was not I who recognized it.
But now it is certain that it was not an accident.
That's why I also want to put an end to our illegal actions.
We will release the supporter.
First, give me the information that "Zero" has obtained so far.
Yes.
The NACU?
Give that info to cybercrime,
so they can report it to the Criminal Investigation Division.
You're leaving the success to the Criminal Division?
We in security should report it!
This is their reward.
Thanks to the Criminal Investigation Department, the explosion is now considered an incident.
Besides...
The eminence in the background is aware that
this information comes from the "Zero" department.
Furuya-san, you're scaring me.
Kazami...
There are two men I am even more afraid of.
And one of them
is still a small child.
I just thought of the same child as you.
Traces have been found..,
that Môri-san's computer was accessed.
It was indeed used as an intermediate station.
Where did the traces lead?
Impossible to say,
because it was accessed from a smartphone via a public Wi-Fi network.
But at the time, Môri-san was already in the custody of the prosecution,
and not at the location from which the access was made.
And even in the case of the unauthorized accesses in the IoT attacks
as in the case just now
the "Nor" browser was used.
So it's the same criminal?
How far are you in determining the servers?
According to the cybercrime report.
it was detected that the system is located in NACU's network.
I'm afraid it's a little late!
Kuriyama-san.
I'm really sorry that you're on your vacation....
Don't be! I can't
I can't enjoy myself while you're in trouble!
It's a great help.
Just a moment...
My investigation into attorney Kyôko Tachibana.
What?
Shin'ichi Kudô asked me to...
Shin'ichi asked...?

Well, what? Shin'ichi-niichan asked you to do that?
Why do you think he wanted to examine Tachibana-sensei?
Listen...
Knowing Shin'ichi-niichan, he had a good reason for it!
Let's take a look!
Last year, one of her employees was involved in a case.
What?
But Tachibana-sensei is a cell phone lawyer, right?
She closed her office last year.
The reason:
Her employee at the time, Fumikazu Haba.
was arrested after breaking into a game development studio.
And Haba committed suicide after being handed over to the prosecutor's office.
What? Suicide?
Suicide...
INVESTIGATION REPORT FUMIKAZU HABA (31)
What does this mean?
It turns out that Môri's computer...
has been tampered with by a third party.
Consequently, the probability that he is the culprit is low.
Good.
In that case...
What about his fingerprints on the piece of debris?
Well...
Burned-in fingerprints
are very easy to transfer.
Is that the conclusion of the security police?
Drop the charges against Môri.
You even follow the Security Police in this decision?
You are really stubborn.
What? Prosecutor Iwai?
Yes.
She's in the hospital, but only with minor burns.
Was this also an IoT attack?
When we examined her smartphone,
we found "Nor" access traces, just like in the previous cases.
Excuse me.
Shiratori here.
What? Hold on.
They're dropping the charges against Môri-san!
Mom!
How nice, huh, Ran-neechan!
Yes... Thank you!
I have to tell Shin'ichi and Sonoko right away!
But what are we going to do with it now?
The transcript of Fumikazu Haba's interrogation
by the prosecutor.
PROSECUTOR. PROSECUTOR: S. IWAI
Well?
It says the name of the injured prosecutor: Sayoko Iwai!
She was only a prosecutor then...
Yes. But now she's
But now she's the chief prosecutor of her old college colleague Kusakabe.
That's right.
The reason for her promotion
was, oddly enough, the Fumikazu Haba burglary case.
But what is this?
Why are you investigating me and my former employee?
Uh...
Please forgive me. But I wanted to know more about you.
I asked Kuriyama-san to do that.
You have been working accurately. You are also a capable employee...
"You too"?
It sounds like Haba-san was also very capable?
FUMIKAZU HABA INVESTIGATION REPORT (31).
But he was a bad man after all,
who committed a burglary, which is why you had to close your office?
It wasn't Fumikazu's fault,
but my own incompetence.
You call him by his first name...
You call an employee who worked in your office "Fumikazu."
You know he committed suicide?
What?
This suicide
happened shortly after he was questioned by the security police...
by the security police.
Last year, he drove a suspect..,
he drove to suicide.
But why the security police?
I never heard of that!
When Fumikazu committed suicide, such strange incidents became more frequent.
Excuse me, sir... But Fumikazu Haba-san was dismissed...
was removed from his position as a law clerk, right?
Does that mean he wanted to become a judge?
Yes.
at the graduation ceremony at the training institute.
he...
Whether you aspire to be a judge or whether you want to be a lawyer,
- the encounters here... - Warden!
Director.
I...
I demand an explanation why I was rejected!
I beg your pardon?
Tell me
the reason why I was rejected as a judge!
We interrupt this meeting!
...but not without reason
...the purpose... the meaning of life as a judge!
I won't let you do it! I won't let you!
I won't let you!
His behavior was seen
as a loss of control due to a complacent sense of justice.
His career as a judge and also as a lawyer were now blocked,
His legal career was at an end.
Why did you hire Haba-san?
People have a surface and something underneath.
What you see is always just one facet.
Your daughter has already told me.
If the charges are dropped,
you won't need me anymore.
What...? Well...
I'll also...
I still have work to do.

- You are investigating the nor activities of the perpetrator? - Yes.
With the assistance of the NACU.
The NACU? The one in America?
That's right.
Last year, someone used Nor to gain unauthorized access to NACU.
Yes... Kyôko-sensei defended the person.
That's what triggered the NACU
that NACU developed a system
to track Nor users.
From tomorrow, they will analyze our case.
Today they still have
they still have their hands full with the landing of the "Swan".
You mean the unmanned space probe?
Yes. Because of the overlap between the landing and the summit, we're working like oxen!
That's right... The summit starts today...
When the explosion occurred, Public Safety was on duty.
The public security office of the prosecutor's office
can't compete with the police.
That is why sometimes a "public security consideration" comes into play.
This is because the Public Security Police have many supporters.
Kyôko-sensei's ringtone?
...Kyôko-sensei's voice from Kazami's bug?
This Amuro you're talking about...
...is a murderer.
Haba committed suicide after being handed over to the prosecution.
Oh! I know that case! The one with unauthorized access to NACU!
"IoT terrorist attacks?"
...Internet-connected electrical devices explode!
Police investigation documents
often read like manuals for committing crimes.
I found something consistent.
These look familiar.
Oh no... This can't be...
Midori-san!
Send me everything about accessing NACU on my smartphone!
...Shin'ichi told me!
Oh, Conan-kun!
We're about to go to the police station to pick up Pops!
And why isn't Shin'ichi answering?
It seems you knew I was coming here.
The first time I felt something strange was...
- Sorry. - J... yes...
The professor then found a remote control app on my smartphone.
One that you can't see an icon of.
Does he have proof that we did it?
No. You guys are really good.
Why didn't you remove the app afterwards?
I'm going to meet the perpetrator now.
You know who's responsible...
Yes. Also his motive.
His motive...
That's you, Amuro-san!
It all began with the unauthorized access to the system of NACU.
That was last year...
Fumikazu Haba?
That's right.
Haba-san committed suicide in the correctional facility last year, right?
Yes...
That was a year ago today...
A year ago today... That means...?!
I see.
That's terrible!
The perpetrator's revenge is not yet complete!
Another IoT attack?
Amuro-san!
Go!
"SWAN" RETURNS TO EARTH TODAY! SPECIAL BROADCAST DUE TO CURRENT EVENT
The "Swan" space probe, finally returning to Earth today
from Mars to the earth returns!
Good evening!
I'm at the observatory in Nagano Prefecture.
Whoops.
It's that late? I'll take you home.
What?
But the "Swan" is about to return!
- Let's watch the show! - Oh yes!
No. Watch it at home.
How mean of you, Haibara-san...
...clear skies. So we can watch "Swan's" return...
Hello? What's going on?
Yeah, the kids are just about to watch
to watch the live broadcast...
What? How much longer before we go in?
Uh, wait, that was...
Kudô-kun!
Just under an hour left? There's no time!
Conan-kun! Is the perpetrator really trying to...
Yes! He wants to gain access and crash them!
But where is he going to...
Damn it...
I can't believe...
To think that from the sky...
Ah, there he is!
Mr. Môri!
Dad!
Ah... hello.
Welcome back!
I'm sorry I worried you.
I'm so glad, really.
You too, Eri... I'm sorry for everything.
What are you talking about!
I'm so happy for all of you....
Sonoko... Thank you so much for everything.
Ah, I have an idea...
I'll send the crazy snoop a picture of the touching scene.
- But Sonoko... - Then I want too...
Then he'll definitely get back to me! Here we go: Cheese!
Nanu?
Someone please turn on the emergency light!
Commissioner! The emergency power supply has been destroyed!
What?!
What the hell is going on?
NACU reports:
Someone is accessing the probe's system without authorization!
What are you saying?

If nothing happens, the capsule cannot be separated!
The probe itself burns up in the atmosphere as planned,
but the destination of the return capsule
has been changed. The NACU is in turmoil!
Sending the latest landing point data!
139 degrees 45 minutes and 8,405 seconds east longitude....
NACU's estimated landing point...
That's...
This is terrible!
Conan-kun!
The target of the perpetrator is indeed...
Police headquarters!
The pod crashed into the police station?
What's going on?
If that capsule, which is over four meters in diameter, crashes into us..,
the damage will be unimaginable!
Get large personnel carriers ready as soon as possible.
Evacuate the area within a kilometer radius of the Presidium immediately!
Yes, sir!
Go!
The evacuation map?
No time!
Dad...
Don't worry. I'm with you.
Eri! Don't leave
don't leave my side, okay?
Yes...
- Not bad! - Yeah.
As soon as the capsule is separated, it falls uncontrolled like a meteorite!
In other words, its trajectory
can only be controlled until it enters the atmosphere!
Within a radius of one kilometer...
there are many ministries and hotels.
ENVIRONMENT MINISTER
Roughly estimated, there are about 150,000 people to evacuate.
For this large number, we have here
MINISTER OF LAND, INFRASTRUCTURE AND TRANSPORT
have compiled the planned shelters and escape routes to them.
SECRETARY OF STATE IN CHARGE OF SECURITY BUREAU.
Mr. Prime Minister, according to NACU, the contents of the reservoir cannot be changed!
Excuse me?
The signal from the ground station to the probe
is encoded with a specific code, but...
If this code does not match,
the memory contents cannot be changed.
Does that mean the perpetrator changed that code?
Yes. When he entered the NACU system and changed the trajectory of the probe!
So he must give us the new code!
To do that, I want to enlist his help.
The professor who can develop such a thing.
What do you want to do?
I'm bringing a dead man back to life.
I'm impressed.
To come up with a plan like that...
I hope that's how we'll learn the code.
I've sped up the drone again!
Professor, the image is wavering back and forth!
This is not going to work well!
Ah... I've never flown it at night before.
Oh! You fly it at night! I want to too!
That only you two have fun is mean!
Didn't you want...
The "Swan" is no longer on TV!
That's right.
Then you'll take over? I don't trust the professor's flying skills.
Whoo-hoo!
- Great! - I'm looking forward to it!
"Flying skills," you say?
Let's leave this to the kids
and get on with the preparations.
We are...
...the drone...
...flight team!
Let's go!
We will now evacuate about 300,000 people to the Edge of Ocean resort...
in Tokyo Bay.
- Where is that again? - I don't know.
Excuse me. Is that where the summit was supposed to be?
That's right.
We'll take cover in Casino Tower.
Casino Tower?
Ah, that's the one!
Oh yes, I should let Shin'ichi know.
NACU is sending up the code..,
but they can't access it.
Damn it!
We need to know the code as soon as possible!
This is the data you see in the NACU ground station, right?
Mr. Attack Supervisor.
I never thought it was you, Mr. Prosecutor.
What is this?
I should have realized it earlier.
When I saw the evidence that you had submitted.
GLASS SHATTERS
These splinters belonged to the trigger of the explosion, which only the perpetrator knew.
And you submitted them as evidence.
At a time when it was still thought that the trigger was a cable.
Super timing.
The court records of the last year's unauthorized access to the NACU.
You were a prosecutor.
I see...
In this case, the access was by Nor.
You used the method from one of your cases
in one of your cases.
But you miscalculated.
NACU has developed a system to track such perpetrators.
After you learned this,
you hacked into your boss's smartphone using a bogus nor-browser...

and make it look like an IoT attack,
and then have the police identify this dummy program.
That's why the timing of this IoT attack was so strange.
- Get your hands off my stuff! - Wait.
There are traces on the smartphone that he used Nor.
I'm telling you...
You can't get away from me!
Damn it! It didn't work!
Don't worry!
Shit!
Prosecutor Kusakabe!
The motive for your attacks... Was it really the security police?
If the summit site explodes
...and a probe falls on Tokyo..,
the security police will lose all their prestige.
Why do you hate the security police so much?
As long as you are so strong, we cannot get
we can't get justice from the prosecutor's office!
You don't care if people die for your justice?
I never intended to kill civilians.
That's why the explosion when only the security police were there.
IoT attacks where there would be hardly any casualties.
And that place as a crash site for the capsule!
They cut the power,
so the civilians would be evacuated?
- Yes. - I see.
You did the attacks on the way here to keep people away
to keep people away from here?
Still, the risk that someone would be harmed was considerable!
For the sake of justice, sacrifices are inevitable!
This is not justice!
My...
My supporter was
became a victim himself!
Haba-san was...
actually your supporter?
Wha... why do you know about that?
The PIN code of your smartphone.
It's unusual and I noticed it.
Do they turn on the keypad so you never forget?
PLEASE ENTER PIN
"Ha-ba-Fu-mi-ka-zu"? (8-8-2-3-1)
No!
To keep alive the need to take revenge on them!
The supporters of the security police are reported to the "zero" department
and managed with numbers.
But the security police officers do not know the supporters of their colleagues.
We didn't know that there was one even in the prosecutor's office until last year!
until last year!
Is that why you were able to kill my supporter so easily at that time?
So it had a hidden meaning.
The burglary affair that Haba-san started last year!
That...
I had asked Haba to do that.
For the investigation of the NACU access case.
He found out that the access data
were in a game studio where the suspect often worked,
DOWNLOAD RUNS
and then tried to steal them.
You get the supporters
to conduct illegal, dangerous investigations.
That's why the relationships between officers and supporters are
closer than family ties.
It's never just financial that connects them,
but a sense of purpose, they're like one heart and soul.
Why didn't you say in the interrogation that you are my supporter?
Because of my mistake, you can't lose your status as a prosecutor.
Right now you should take yourself more important than me!
I know better than anyone how hard it is to lose your status.
Please!
Think of your own life, too!
The lives of the majority of Japanese people are more important than my individual life.
You have always said that.
I also share this desire, this will.
I told everything to the prosecutor in charge of the case.
Haba is my supporter.
I am responsible that he committed the crime.
- Nevertheless, I am pressing charges. - What?
Did the security police get you again?
Don't worry.
I'll make sure your name doesn't come out of his mouth...
out of his mouth.
That's not what I'm talking about!
I went to the presidium to deal directly with the security police...
Hello?
Haba committed suicide.
What?
I don't know why.
But it happened right after an interrogation by the security police.
It was the security police who drove Haba
to commit suicide... no, that killed him!
That's why you wanted to crash the probe into the presidium?
Yes.
Ever since I learned that it would return on the exact anniversary of Haba's death.
And the IoT attacks?
I didn't plan them.
But I couldn't let an innocent man be accused!
So you committed them to prove that Kogorô Môri was innocent?

Yes. But the damage suddenly far exceeded my expectations.
You mustn't add to the blame!
Tell me the changed access code.
The security of the prosecution protects justice.
We can't lose that like we did with Haba!
Tell us the code!
Arrest me.
I'll refuse to testify.
Prosecutor Kusakabe!
Kusakabe-san...
Impossible...
Why is Haba...
Live from the helipad at the police station.
What is the meaning of this?
After the interrogation, the security police...
and made him give up his previous life.
To cover up the fact that a prosecutor had cooperated with a supporter.
And so that the prosecutor's office would never commit supporters again,
they kept it a secret from you, too.
If you break the law, you have to pay for it yourself.
But you can't do that.
That's how the security police judged it.
The more Haba-san was convinced that he should have become a judge,
the stronger his sense of justice.
That's why, after he lost his office and was homeless.
and was homeless, you made him a supporter.
That's right.
Kusakabe-san saved me when I was at the bottom.
We worked together for only two years,
but he told me
that thanks to me, he could fight as a public security prosecutor.
That's why I can still fight on now, too.
Kusakabe-san!
Please tell us the changed code!
If the probe falls on the presidium, Haba will also be injured!
How unfair! Is this the security police's method?
The probe is about to enter the Earth's atmosphere!
Don't we have the code yet?
Access to the probe will soon be completely impossible!
Furuya-san, we're running out of time!
- Tell us the code! - Prosecutor Kusakabe, hurry!
But...
Kusakabe-san...
Is this the justice I believed in?
The code I changed after accessing
after I accessed the NACU system...
What? A blackout?
Yes. For about five minutes right after entering the atmosphere!
It creates plasma, so communications can't be maintained.
So we don't know if the trajectory was changed correctly.
Plus there's the risk if the parachute doesn't open.
Oh no...
Haba...
Please get Haba out of there now!
Prosecutor Kusakabe!
Has Shin'ichi-kun reported in yet?
No, not yet. I left him a message...
No kidding! What the hell is that guy doing!
Conan-kun's battery seems to be dead, too...
Oh, I'm sure the little guy's fine, don't worry.
But that building is really incredibly high...
Come on, let's go! That way!
Haba! Where are you?
What is the meaning of this?
He's not here.
But he was on the cell phone screen...
What you saw was a video montage.
We took a picture filmed by a drone...
we superimposed his image as if he were on the landing pad.
He's in a safe place.
I see.
Amuro-san, if the trajectory change is unsuccessful,
the crash site of the probe...
Yes. The capsule, measuring over four meters...
...is hurtling towards us at over 10 kilometers per second!
Amuro-san, could you get hold of some explosives right now?
To blow up the heat-resistant capsule?
No.
To alter its trajectory so that it crashes into the Pacific Ocean.
The ideas you come up with...
Do you know another way?
Kazami, you must act at once.
Yes.
Something we're good at: an illegality.
This is the most explosive of all the explosives seized...
of all the explosives seized by forensics.
You were working without a trace?
It's due to be disposed of soon anyway, I just need to amend some paperwork.
Good. Please go ahead.
No problem.
We'll send you
the data on the projected trajectory.
Okay, my dears! We are taking off!
- Yay! - Roger that! - Yay!
And I'm supposed to calculate where best to explode it....
I mean, really... What a miserable slave driver!
Mitsuhiko-kun,
Ayumi-kun,
Genta-kun...
And Ai-kun!
You're going to protect our country.
What's this? The drone is staggering a lot!
Isn't your package too heavy, Professor?
- Why don't we just leave it there? - You can't do that!
There's like a precious, precious treasure in that package for me!

I have narrowed down the deviation to within 10 meters.
I'll send you the pictures of the drone.
You guys take care of the timing, please.
Okay. Thank you.
But are we really allowed to do that?
Are we really allowed to film the Swan pod from that close up?
Don't worry. The police have given us permission.
The security police at least...
What?!
The parachute doesn't deploy?
It looks like it's blocked by the heat shield!
Prime Minister, give the order to launch!
Wait!
But...
If we shoot her down now, the damage could be even greater!
She just dropped below 30,000 meters.
Yes.
All right.
Don't screw up.
Got it.
Amuro-san!
- Can you time it with this? - Yes.
We're approaching the capsule!
I'm counting on you,
children.
We're about to crash!
K... don't worry!
I've built in a system that automatically evades..,
when it senses an object approaching the drone.
Think about it:
We have to get close to see the pod fly.
- Oh... - I want to see it!
Mitsuhiko, get closer!
Roger!
SPACE PROBE EXPLOSION POINT NOSEDIVE COURSE
Kudô-kun...
Don't be unreasonable.
It's coming!
Go!!!
CALL
The parachute has opened!
Well?
You can't see anything at all!
It didn't crash into the capsule, did it?
The system swerves by itself, doesn't it?
Ah... Well, probably
the battery just died.
Not that she was equipped with the system, but...
It looks like it worked.
I'm amazed.
Who or what... are you?
"Supporter" of a small private investigator is about the right word.
Yeah. Got it.
It worked.
Thank goodness.
Furuya-san...
We're taking him away now.
Yes.
Wait!
Kusakabe-san... We are still one heart and soul.
Yes.
All right, let's go.
Fumikazu!
Kyôko!
Fumikazu!
It's impossible... I can't believe you're still alive.
You really are
a frightening man.
That you too were a supporter...
And at the prosecutor's office, too!
Kyôko-sensei!
So you were also a supporter. And it was from Inspector Kazami.
So you heard?
Why I hired Fumikazu...
After he was removed from his position as a student teacher.
the security police put him under surveillance as a "dangerous person."
I was ordered to hire him
to hire him and report on his activities.
CRIMINAL PROCEDURE
But as we worked together,
I found myself more and more attracted to him.
I felt the same way.
That's why I think it's even more unfortunate that everything turned out the way it did.
That you, like me, were a supporter....
It all started with the unauthorized access to the NACU system, didn't it?
Yes.
PROSECUTOR: M. KUSAKABE DEFENSE COUNSEL: K. TACHIBANA
I was instructed to have my client found guilty.
So I investigated further.
And that's when
Fumikazu was caught in the studio where the suspect frequented.
Why would Fumikazu do such a thing?
I didn't understand.
I desperately begged the security police to help him.
But he committed suicide.
How I cursed the security!
I closed my office and waited for a chance to take revenge.
Then you were instructed..,
...to be a lawyer and make sure Uncle Kogoro was found not guilty.
Yes.
I didn't know why they wanted him to be found not guilty.
But I would see to it that the opposite happened!
Even if you involve bystanders?
I had no choice!
And that he......actually...
under the protection of the security police...
If I'd known, I never would have...
Fumikazu is your supporter now, right?
Fumikazu is your supporter now, isn't he?
What's his number?
Number?
Internally, the security police refer to us by numbers, right?
I'm number 2291, right?
Then what's his number?
Kyôko Tachibana,
I'm relieving you of duty as a security support officer.
Okay, Kazami?
If you break the law, you have to pay for it.
Isn't that how security works?
Haba is here.
You are now free to go.
If you want to meet him, we won't...
Don't patronize me!
I decided to be your supporter myself!

And also self-decided to betray you!
And also self-decided to love him!
Don't you believe it,
you have controlled and directed my whole life!
Goodbye.
Kyôko...
No matter how much she hates you, protect her to the bitter end.
That's how it's done...
...in security.
Thanks to you, we were able to catch a terrorist who was looking down on Japan.
When did you recognize it as terror?
The way you deduced it.
When we were inspecting the convention hall that day..,
I learned that the valves could be accessed through the network.
I thought it could be used for attacks..,
and I pointed it out to forensics when...
But because of the situation on the ground
it could have been dismissed as an accident.
That's why you faked a suspect.
The police should transfer him as soon as possible to the public prosecutor's office...
to the public prosecutor's office, which must follow the security police.
That's why you sent Kyôko-sensei to us as a lawyer.
Kogorô was released from custody,
once the case was no longer an "accident."
You are really incredible.
You solve every mystery.
No. There is still one unsolved mystery.
- And that is... - Your cell phone...
It's been glowing all the time.
NEWSFLASH: RAN MÔRI...
Ah, Shin'ichi?
We've just been evacuated to the Casino Tower in the Edge of Ocean.
- Yes. - Call me when you get this.
What?!
The capsule...?!
The explosion of unknown origin
...is sending the capsule plummeting into the fill-up area...
And in one part of this area
is the resort where 300,000 evacuees are being held!
Shooting down is no longer possible.
- Go slowly, please! - Do not rush!
Everyone! Please remain calm!
As on the outward journey, there is room for everyone on the buses!
- Commissioner! - Yes?
Because of an information gap, people in private cars are also fleeing here.
What?!
There's a traffic jam on the only two bridges!
Doesn't sound good...
Panic is about to break out.
Shin'ichi...
Shit, I can't. I can't reach Ran!
What do we do now? There's no time!
Amuro-san, this time you will be my "supporter".
There's a traffic jam ahead!
So the evacuation is not going smoothly.
TRAFFIC JAM
That's the casino tower?
Furuya-san!
The screen has detached, the capsule is accelerating!
Yes, and?
The NACU has calculated the point of impact!
If we don't do something, it'll crash into Casino Tower in five minutes!
Ran...
Damn it!
What do we do now? What do we do now?
Amuro-san!
Hold on tight.
What are you going to do?
Here!
I thought I'd die...
But this guy is incredible.
So? What do we do now?
Ah... Wait.
Go to that building that's under construction.
Okay!
Everybody stay close together!
Yes...
This is really terrible...
Is there enough time?
Taking into account the height of the building and its distance from the tower...
If we leave here in a minute....
TIMER
All or nothing.
Please, make the time last!
Ran...
Wha... what is it?
The power of love is enormous.
I've been meaning to ask you:
Do you have a girlfriend?
My...
lover...
is this country.
Let's go!
One millimeter is enough. Can you distract them?
I intend to.
Five,
four,
three,
two,
one.
Zero!
No! We're not high enough!
Great!
And... Ioooooos!!!
Ran!
Pops!
Run...
We'll take care of the rest.
You have to go right away, too.
There's still one mystery left unsolved.
Why did you involve Uncle Kogoro?
Because of my position.
I can't officially investigate.
But if I were to involve him,
you would inevitably become my "supporter".
And that way, I could make use of all your skills, right?
There you overestimate me.
There is always only one truth,
Shinjitsu wa itsumo hitotsu
but as for justice,
demo seigi wa,
yes, there are as many of them as there are tears...
sô, namida no kazu dake....
I have lost my way into the darkness,
Boku wa kurayami ni mayoikomi,
the blade of good and evil in my hand.
zen'aku no yaiba nigitta.
And the blade I wielded,
Furikazashita yaiba wa
sugu jibun ni kirikakattekita n da.
immediately struck at myself.
That's how it is, existing in me

Sô, boku ni wa
both "good" and "evil
"zen" mo "aku" mo
"machigai" mo aru.
and also "mistake".
And also a self that deceives itself....
Boku o damasu boku mo iru....
With the righteousness that I am describing now,
Ima boku ga egaku tadashisa de
The ideals that I am describing....
egaku risô de
From that which frightens you,
kimi o obiyakasu mono
from what makes you sad,
kanashimaseru mono kara
without hurting anyone,
dare mo kizutsukazu
without hurting anyone,
dare mo kizutsukenai mama
kimi o mamoru koto nado wa
I know that
dekinai to wakatteru.
Can't protect you from that.
"Kanzen naru tadashisa" nado
From something like "perfect justice"
zero nan da yo.
exists "zero", nothing.
When you're lost in the darkness,
Kimi ga kurayami ni mayoikomi,
and can't even trust yourself,
jibun sae shinjirarenu toki,
obieru sono kokoro ni tsukeiru yô na
then there are many things in the world,
things like words or light,
kotoba ya hikari nara
sekaijû ni ikutsu mo aru,
that take advantage of your fearful heart,
doko ni mo aru,
they are everywhere,
there is also light that deceives you...
kimi o damasu hikari mo aru....
I want to protect you,
Kimi o mamoritai,
soredemo mamoritai sono egao
still want to protect it, your smiling face,
even if sometimes
sono tame ni toki toshite
have to get "angry".
aku ni natta toshitemo.
Even if someone
Ai no na no moto ni
in the name of love your heart
dare ka ga ai no kusari de
kimi no kokoro shibatte mo
puts you in chains of love
as soon as blood should seep from your heart someday,
kokoro ni wa yagate chi ga nijimu no nara
I will love
kono yaiba de
ai o kiru yo.
slay with this blade.
Kimi o mamoritai
I want to protect you,
sore demo mamoritai sono ashita
still want to protect it, this morning,
even if sometimes
sono tame ni toki toshite
aku ni natta toshitemo.
"get mad."
Even if every
Ai no na no moto ni
gets lost in love in the name of love,
dare mo ga ai ni mayotte mo
shinjitsu wa itsumo hitotsu
there is always only one truth
but justice exists
dakedo seigi wa itsumo
not always only one,
hitotsu ja nai,
no, their number is infinite
mugen nan da,
and is not "zero".
zero ja nai n da.
Dakara sagasu yo,
And that's why I'm looking for it,
zero no, zero no kanôsei o...
The potential, the potential of "zero"....
AGASA
"Police investigation documents would have led him to commit the crime."
MAKOTO KUSAKABE (40).
With this unusual motive, Kusakabe, an ex-prosecutor, has
DESTROYED CONGRESS HALL
committed the series of terrorist attacks. The capital police...
No word from the security police, huh?
Which I'm sure is based on a decision by the security police.
In the capsule of the space probe,
which was recovered intact from Tokyo Bay,
RECOVERED SPACE PROBE "SWAN"
contains samples from the surface of Mars
which could help solve many unsolved mysteries about space.
- The "Swan" space probe.... - Awesome!
But I would have loved to see it with the drone.
If only it wasn't for your big package!
You wouldn't dream of contributing to the recovery of the capsule, would you?
to the recovery of the capsule, do you?
No. And yet they saved Japan from a dire crisis.
The little ones are really incredible.
Come on, let's do some Mars research too,
with one of the professor's drones!
- What a great idea! - Oh yeah, go!
Professor! Build us a new one, please!
Build an even bigger one!
Ah... You think so?
Shall I give it a try?
Yeah! Yay!
- I'm looking forward to Mars! - Oh yeah, me too!
Ouch, believe me, it won't work.

